#@3

Last week, our school was holding the sport meeting, I felt so excited, because I took part in the 800 meter race. When I heard the shot voice, I started to run, at first, I kept the uniform space, I planned to run quickly in the last 200 meter. But I felt so tired, I wanted to give up, then my desire to win made me stick to the end. I am so proud of myself.



#@10


The New Year is coming and I am looking forward to it. New Year means a new start, even though it's nothing changed. It's the things in our heat that make it different. As usual and many other people, I make a summary for the last whole year and a plan for the coming year. This year, I do a great job on my study and win a scholarship. My parents are proud of me. Besides, I live a good life. For the next year, I want to be as good as the past year, even better. Good luck with New Year.


#@13

I am very shy, when my teacher asks me to answer his question, I will be very nervous and don't know what to say. One day, my teacher asks if I want to join the Christmas performance, I hesitate, because I am very afraid of losing face. My teacher tells me I should be brave, or I will miss the chance. I don't want to miss it, finally I join, I am so happy for myself.



#@25

There are a great many hobbies to choose from. Some people enjoy collecting coins or stamps, others choose to spend their time on sports or music. I have many hobbies, but playing basketball is my favorite one. At weekends, we always build a team to play basketball against another one in our neighbourhood. The competitions brought us so much fun. I think playing basketball is a good way to build up one's body and relax oneself. But I will always remember that it's unwise to spend too much time playing.


#@64

When I was a child, I really want a pet, like ducks, rabbits, cats, dogs, even a pig
Finally, my parents bought me a puppy as my birthday gift. I really love it, it was really lovely. When I was tired, it always made me happy. I take it for a walk every evening. I was very happy when we get together. In a word, pets can bring us a lot of fun, they are important to us.    


#@68

Winter holiday is coming. I'm going to have a busy holiday. First, I'm going to finish my homework. Then, I'm going to visit my grandparents. My grandmother is sixty-six years old. So I'm going to buy some gifts for my grandma. I'm going to visit my relatives in order to send them my best wishes. I' m going to read some books in the holiday. I really want to learn more from books.
I'm going to have a funny holiday. 


#@69

Nowadays, most children, who are the only child in the family, are given too much love by their parents. It is because that they are protected from hardship and difficulties, they become less independent. However, a spoiled child will have a hard job to live in this competitive society. We should know the fact that no parents can keep a good company with their children for the whole life. Thus, parents should encourage their children to do whatever they can, so as to develop their abilities of independence.



#@70

Sara, who comes from Canada, is our Oral English teacher. She is loved and respected by many students. What influences me most is that she is warm-hearted, generous and easy-going. She always stays optimistic and tries hard to understand every of her student. Besides, she often tells us some interesting stories and jokes in class, so as to make a happy atmosphere for us to study English. She loves teaching so much and has the eagerness to devote her life to Education. Because of her outstanding achievements, she had won lots of rewards, one of which is Model Teacher prize.



#@78

I like playing guitar, so my father buys me a guitar for fun. It is very funny. Then my mother asks me to have guitar class. She thinks to learn more skill is good for me. I start to have guitar class. It is really funny at first. But later on, I feel very tired. It is not easy to get improved. I want to give up, but I insist at last. Now I can pay several songs. I feel proud of it.



#@80

Look, this is a photo of my family. There are six people in the photo. The two people sitting in the middle with grey hair are my grandparents. My grandmother is three years older than my grandfather. They are all kind. The tallest one is my father standing behind my grandpa. My mother stands next to my father. My lovely younger sister stands close to my grandpa. And the one close to my grandma is me. I have a happy family. We love each other.



#@81

Shen Zhen is my favorite city. It is a young and promising city. I have been living in this city for over ten years. I love the seafood in this city as well as its beautiful scenes. In summer, I can go to the sea to see the sun rise, or enjoy the fresh cool sea water. On weekend, I can go to the park to have a walk. Shen Zhen is my hometown. When I grow up, I want to make contribution to this city and make it becomes a better city.



#@82

My mother is the most important person for me. Maybe she is very ordinary in others eyes, but she is special for me. She gives me life and a happy life. She takes part in every stage of my life. When I know nothing, she helps me to learn little by little patiently. She helps me to learn stand up, walk, and form the proper value. She cares about me, and put my entire thing before hers. She is such an important person in my life.



#@86

I have my own room now. It is not big. There is a small blue bed in it. Because I love plants, I grow some sun flowers on the desk. Every time I am tired of doing homework, I will watch it. Then I will be relax and full of energy. Except for this, my room has a bookshelf. There are many books on it. There is a lovely rabbit clock on the bed to wake me up every morning. I finally have my own place. I love it very much.



#@97

As a child, I am lazy to do things before sleep, I don't want to brush my teeth. My parents try to make me to do it every night, they talk to me so many times, but I am just lazy and ignore them. One day, I see from the TV that a boy's teeth get hurt badly because he likes to eat candy but don't brush his teeth often. Since then, I know I need to brush my teeth before I sleep.



#@104

Advertisement is very common in our life. I have a preference for it. It is funny and helps us a lot. Every time when I open TV or go outside, I can see various advertisements. They tell me the information that people concerned lately. So, I have to go to school every day, but I still know which kind of goods are the most popular. It provides a choice for me who have no idea about goods. And it is interesting, not boring at all.



#@107

My family is poor. My father has to work very hard to make us live a normal life. My mother has to take care of the trifles, so all the economic burden fall on the shoulder of my dad. He takes three jobs. Every morning, he gets early to send milk and then goes to work. Sometimes he does some part-time job after dinner. On weekend, he has another job in the downtown. He has little time to rest. I am worry about his physical health. Dad, can you have a rest?



#@120

My new teacher is science teacher. He's very strong. He has a big mouth, two big ears, two big eyes and a not too big and not too small nose. He often wears a black new shirt and brown pants, with two big shoes.
My science teacher is very kind. And he is very smart, isn't he? Today, we have science class. We are very happy. Because he is so funny. Who is he? He's a Mr. Zhou .


#@125

Yesterday, I asked my mother to buy me some candies. It was my favorite white rabbit rolls. When my mother bought it for me, I ate a little and hided the rest. I was going to bring them to school to give them to my primary school deskmate, Xiao Fang, because today is white day. I want to give present to her to make her happy on this special day. I will give the candies to her later. Wish me good luck. Hehe!



#@126

Learning English is a hard but meaningful thing. I had access to English when I was seven years old. I was taught to study words first. It was difficult and I learned them every day. Then, I started to learn short conversations. After practicing, I can talk with my friends. Suddenly, I was pride of my English because I can use them to talk .No pains, no gains. My hardworking pays back. What's more, I can write compositions by myself now. I love English and I will insist on learning English.



#@135

This week I was very happy and busy. The result of English test last week was good to me. I was the best student in my class in that examination. I thought I did well in the following math test on Wednesday. We changed our seat this week, and I made new friends. But our school would hold a basketball match next week. So I had to practice everyday after school. In my other spare time, I had to finish my homework. It was such a busy day!



#@139

I am a naughty boy. Yesterday I played a joke on my classmate, Mark. When we all busied doing homework, I draw a picture of dog and wrote a sentence in the bottom, I am a dog. And then I carefully put it on the clothes of mark. Mark sat in front of me, so I can make this things achieved easily. When he stood up to answer our teacher's question next class, everyone saw this and laughed, including the teacher. He felt embarrassed at first, but later he laughed with us.



#@145

I have a beautiful school. There are many buildings in my school, such as teaching buildings, library, dormitory buildings and so on. My classroom is bright, which can hold about sixty students. Our library is very big. It has four floors and is full of books. In my spare time, I often read books in it. What's more, the playground in my school is surrounded by various flowers and I like playing games with my friends on the playground.

I love my school and I will study hard. Do you like it? Welcome to my school!



#@158

I have a beautiful room. Although my room is very small, I love it very much. Look, there is a bed near the window. I like sunshine so my bed is set near the window. In front of the bed, there is a desk on which is several series of books. What's more, I have plastered my bedroom wall with photos of my family. The light in my bedroom is light pink because I like this color.

Do you like my bedroom? If you like, come here and have a look!



#@160

Last summer holiday I went to Paris with my parents by plane. First we visited the Arc and Triomphe, and we took many photos. Then we went to the Notre Dame, which is very wonderful. We saw a lot of interesting things. Finally we came to the Eiffel tower, and there were so many people, but they were all friendly. After that we sat on the grass, looking at the view. We felt very happy.

What a pleasant trip! I will never forget it.



#@162


Winters in Taipei are very cold during the evening and very windy during the daytime. I usually look forward to the Lunar New Year's Day and the winter vacation when I can go to the village where the climate is warmer during these holidays. Also, I look forward to seeing my grandmother, great-grandmother, and my friends in the village; I like my grandmother's food very much. Winter is the time everyone is in a festive mood. In the city, I usually do a lot of reading at home in the winter because of the cold weather outside.


#@165

The Internet becomes very popular in our life. It brings many advantages, but I think we primary students should keep far from the Internet.Firstly, we should focus on our study, so we can't spend too much time on the Internet. We can be easily addicted to it. Secondly, there is much harmful information on the Internet. They would do harm to us. Finally, surfing the Internet for too long is harmful to our eyesight. Therefore, primary students should stay far from the Internet.



#@168


Fall is the third season of a year . There are three months in fall : July , August and september . The weather in fall is cool , Sometimes it's windy . I can wear my jackets and jeans .
I often fly kites and go hiking with my good friends.And there are many fruits in fall , Just like :apples , bananas , oranges And the Mid Autuain Festival is in fall , too .
So I like fall very much .



#@178


I love autumni like autumn. i love the falling leaves in autumn. they cover the ground with golden yellow. when you walk on them, they rustle beneath your feet, just as if they are singing to you.
I know trees get ready for their next year's rebirth by doing this, so i enjoy them without any sad feelings. the fields in autumn are fruity. people are easy to have good mood in a harvest season. so can't autumn sights bring happiness to us as well?


#@180

Water is very important to us. If there is no water, we will die. We can eat nothing for few days, but we must drink water every day. Besides, if there is no water, the plants will not grow, and the animals will not live. Therefore, there will no food for us. But the water has been severely polluted nowadays. Much water is not suitable for drinking. For our human beings and our planet, we must protect water. Without it, there would be no life any longer in earth.



#@191


I have many friends, and one of them is Lily. She is one of my best friends. She lives in the same area with me. We become friends for three years. Every school day, we go to school together. We have many things in common. For example, we both like listening to the music, reading books and playing badminton. We both study hard and do well in studies. We help each in study, because we want to make progress together. I am happy to have such a good friend.


#@194


The summer holiday is end and the new term begins. In the new term, I am a student of grade six. It's the last year in primary school. In order to have a good ending, I must work harder. So my scores can be better. Besides, I want to spend more time with my classmates and friends. We have been very good these years. Maybe we can't be classmates in the future. But, I am still happy that it's the last year in primary school and I am going to junior school.


#@195


Dear Grandpa and Grandma
I am now 165 centimetres , my sister is two centimetres shorter than me . She is also lighter .
We are good at PE , but my sister runs slower than me . I am good at long jump , I jump farther than her . My sister does well in high jump , she jumps higher than me . We often run on the playgroung after school .
My sister and me hope to see you . Come and visit us soon .
Love .
Wang Qianru


#@196

Last week, I attended my cousin's wedding with my mother. Our relationship is very close. She always looked after me, treated me well when I was a wimpy kid. So, seeing she got married, I was very happy for her. When we reached, the first thing I saw from her was her happy smile. She was the most beautiful girl in the world at that time. Wearing wedding white dress made her look more delicate and attractive. I hoped she would be happy forever. I would like to give my best wishes to her, my dearest sister.



#@200


Our English teacher, Mrs Wang, is about forty years old. She always wears a pair of glasses. She is very strict with us. When we make a mistake, she often makes us stand up. But we hear that her home is far from our school. Every morning she has to walk to school for forty minutes. And she is never late. Then we come to see that Mrs Wang loves us dearly. She teaches us so carefully. In fact, she is a good teacher.


#@204


I had a wonderful holiday at spring festival . I went to the park with my friends . We met at eight oclock at the school gate . We went to the park by bike .It was a beautiful day . We sat under a big tree and chated with each other . We took about some movies and some fun things . We had lunch there . We ate hamburgers and some drinks , but I know they are not healthy and not good for us . Then we played some games .
We were all fell tired ,but we were very happy ! It was great fun !


#@206

I'm a primary school student. I go to school every day from Monday to Friday. Every morning I have some milk and toast for a quick breakfast. I like toast with strawberry jam.

I don't have lunch at the school canteen. I like to have a sandwich, an apple or a bar of chocolate for lunch.

Dinner is usually nice with my family together. My mother likes to cook some beef or chicken, vegetables, and some fruit salad. After dinner, I have some ice cream. It's delicious.



#@207

From: Jane [ Jane@163.com]
Â [ Jane@163.com]
To Benny [ Benny@126.com]
: Â [ Benny@126.com]
Subject: Welcome to Tony's welcome party!

Dear Mr. Benny,

How are you?

I'd like to invite you to our new classmate Tony's welcome party on September 2 at 6:30 pm. At the party, we can play games, tell jokes, sing songs and dance. I will also invite other classmates to the party. And you can find a big surprise at the party. Would you like to come?
6:30
Regards,
Jane



#@208

I'd like to go to a beautiful place. I think it would be Beijing. Beijing is not only our capital city, but also a famous city with long history and wonderful culture. Beijing is also China's political and cultural center. There're many old places of great interest, such as the Great Wall, the Summer Palace, the Forbidden City, the Temple of Heaven, and Tiananmen Square. Once you see Tiananmen Square, you will think of Beijing. It has been the symbol of Beijing since 1949.



#@209

My father is very busy on work everyday. He leaves home every morning before I get up. And then he will have a whole day work. Sometimes he doesn't have time to have dinner with me. But every night he will tell Fairy Tales for me before I fall asleep. He never stopped doing this. So, on the bookshelf of my room, there are many Fairy Tales books and most of them are not new. Every night reading time is the happy time for my father and me.



#@210

When we have nothing to do and are in a daze, many of us would have thought about how we would be in ten years. Looking the rain outside the window, I couldn't help imagining myself ten years later. Ten years later, I don't need to wear school uniform any more, instead of many beautiful dress and some sexy clothes. I would be a famous fashion designer. It must be very wonderful to go around the world, hold large number of fashion show. How great it is!



#@217

I have a lovely dog, its name is Lulu. I like Lulu. It's very docile. It has white fur, so it looks very nice. It's my best animal friend. It is also very friendly. Every time I go home, it will wag its tail to me. As long as I am angry, it will run to me and make me happy. It seems like my blood sister. I should take good care of Lulu and protect her. Last, I think we human beings should fulfill the responsibility to look after our pets.



#@238

Like most Chinese primary students, my life is quite simple. Get up in the morning, have breakfast and then go to school. My day always begins like that. But every single day is so different from each other. For example, I meet different people on my way to school. I have different new classes every day, so I always learn new knowledge. And the happiness is different. Yesterday I might be happy because I got high scores in the exam, but today I am happy because I play with my classmates. Knowledge and happiness make my every single day and life rich.



#@239

I want to set up a flower shop. It's my ideal work. I think flower is the most beautiful gifts given by nature. And flower is a good way to express one's affection. Nowadays, sending flowers is more and more popular, to parents, friends, teachers and spouse. So I think this business must be good. Moreover, I like flowers very much and I am familiar various flowers. I will choose different flowers for different people or preference. The most important is that I want to transmit love and happiness by flowers.



#@240

Recently, our school has five new school buses. We students are all excited. Before that, some students had to walk a long way to go to school, but now they can take the school bus. It's much safer and more convenient. The school bus is covered with yellow. And the words SCHOOL BUS are printed in the bus. There are twenty five seats in the bus. The school bus picks us go to school and go home. My parents don't have to pick me up or worry about me.



#@244

It seems that Hainan Island has not automn . After a hot summer ,I thought it will become comfortable ,but it turn cold so quickly . The freeze wind make my hand moves clumsy to write well . All my classmates do not want to go out of dormitory. In spite of I sleep well at night ,Â I feel sleepy all the time .Â I missÂ autumnÂ of my hometown , it dry and comfortable and not like here so wet and cold ! I hope the winter holiday arrive soon, then I can go to to my hometown.



#@246

I'm a primary student. I live happily. I have long hair and a lovely face. But I m very short. Being the shortest girl in my class, I feel shamed of it, though my teacher and classmates always say I will grow taller in the future to comfort me. Besides, I feel very happy in school. There are so many students play with me, and I always do well in study. So, when I go home, my parents also happy, too. My father often take me out to different interesting places. And my mother usually cook delicious food for me. How happy I am!



#@247

I made a pen pal two years ago. Her name is Cindy. She is from Shanghai. She said it's a beautiful city and hopes I can visit there one day. We communicate with each other by letters. So receiving letters is the most expected. We have many things to talk, because we have many same interests, such as music, cartoon, sport and so on. We also share our lives and discuss our study. I am so happy to have someone to talk to and share my life.



#@251

I have a dream. Compared toMartin Luther King's, my dream is very small. I want to be a teacher in the future. And then I can have a two long vacations for traveling. I can travel around the world. I can go America, Canada, New York, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Beijing, Shanghai and so on. It's perfect. Yes, going travel around the world is my dream. Even I want to go to the moon for travel.



#@252

Many people ask what happiness is. I don't know why there are many people asking this question, because I think happiness is simple. As for me, I feel happy when I do a good job in my study. Teachers praise me and my parents are happy. Or, when I help others I feel happy. I am proud of myself. Besides, playing with my classmates or friends is happy, too. We always have a great time together. From above, they are all happiness.



#@253

Fish is my favorite food. I don't know why I like to eat it. I just feel the smell of fish is very delicious. Maybe is heredity, as my father and grandma also like it. What's more, I don't care what kind of fish or what kind of coking style, I like all of them without reasons. Everytime my mother cook fish, I will eat much more than usual. So my mother always says that she gives birth to a cat. Everytime she says that all of us laugh.



#@259

Now, I am sixth grade student. After ten years later, I will be a college graduate and apply for the first job in my life. I think I will be a teacher, because it's my dream. I will teach my students all I know. Maybe I will meet some problems and challenges in my new job, but they can't beat me. Besides, I can earn money and support myself at that time. Therefore, I can do a lot of things I like. For example, I can travel in summer or winter vacation. Or I can go to see a movie at weekends. It seems so wonderful.



#@261

My favorite subject is English. I like it very much and I am also good at it. At first, I like it least. Or even I am a little afraid of it. However, I surmount it and then like it the most. As I become interested in it, I find English is very interesting and useful. Learning it well makes me feel proud. Spoken English is also very beautiful. I wish that I can go abroad one day for a further study.



#@264

I like sports, because doing sports is really a good thing. Firstly, it helps me keep healthy. Exercise is one of the most active and effective means to enhance the physical health. Secondly, doing sports is a good way to relax. When you are upset, sport may pull you out from depression. Finally, it's easier to make friends while take part in sport activities, because you have the same interest. It's important for making friends. All in all, I get a lot from sports.



#@265

I have a lot of troubles, such as going to school, homework, and parents' ramble. They like the stars in the sky. I am afraid of the darkness. This is my biggest trouble. At night, I am fear of going out alone. And when my parents sleep, I even can't go to the toilet. Therefore, I never drink water before sleep. And I always turn on the light when I am sleeping. I know it's not good but I can't sleep in the darkness.



#@266

There are many admirable people around us, such as our parents, teachers, polices and so on. But the people I admire most are cleaners. Cleaners work hard silently very day to keep our city clean and beautiful. They get up early in host summer or cold winter when we are sleeping. They don't work for themselves only, but for us, for our city. Sometimes, we think they are dirty and we don't want to close to them. It's not right. They clean our environment by their hard work.



#@267

With the repid development of technology, clone comes to the world. It can duplicate creature, which means it can make contribution to the production. People can pay a little and get a lot in the end. However, it also has disavantages. I think as the development of the high-tech, people can use clone to copy humen beings. It's so horrible for me to know that there is someone the same with me. But in general, clone has more advantages than disadvantages.



#@268

A new year has come. In order to have a fruitful year, I make a plan for it. Firstly, I must study hard as much as possible. After all, study is the most important for me. Secondly, I will take more exercises. I always got illness last year. Therefore, I must be healthy this year. Thirdly, I want to learn swim this year. I like swimming very much, because I think it's cool. I hope I can do it. Finally, I hope happiness is fully filled my home in the new year.



#@272

Everyone has their dreams in heart. So do I. I dream of being a ping pong player, because I like playing table-tennis very much. Ping pong is the most popular sport in our country. Our country wins almost all gold medals in Olympic Games. I play ping pong very day in school. My teacher teaches me carefully and strictly. He tells me that I have great potential. In order to realize my dream, I must work hard for it. Luckily, my parents support me a lot. I am sure I can make it.



#@273

Mo Yan is my idol. I think he is the idol of many people. He is the first Chinese, who won the Nobel Prize for literature. He is so great. When I heard he receive the prize, I was very excited. And his novels are put in the best seller bookshelf in the bookstores and some are even out of stock. I like read his books. I also watch the movie rearranged by his novel. Red Sorghum is just an example. In a word, I'm proud of him and hope he can make more progress in the future.



#@274

I have a pen friend, Li Xiang. Li Xiang is twelve years old and he comes from Beijing. We like the same magazine and get the information from it. He likes playing football as I do. We share our experience about playing football. For example, I was punished by mother because I was late for home after class. He once got No.1 of a football match in his city. Besides, we talk much about football clubs and stars. Sometimes, we discuss a passage in that magazine we both like. It's really funny.


#@276

There are six teachers in my class. I like my English teacher, Miss He most. She is a young lady, about twenty five years old. I like her most because I think she is a good teacher. She is very serious and patient to us. The English class is always interesting, because she tries her best to make it well. Miss He has a lot of knowledge and she always tells us her experience of learning English. She encourages us to study hard.



#@279

The math teacher of my class is a young man. His name is Jiang Shan. He is tall and fat. We call him the Big Guy. When he knows it, he isn't angry and says it's lovely. He is easy going and interesting. We can make jokes with him. But about our study, he is serious but patient. We can't be sloppy on our study. When we have questions, we can ask him anytime. He is a good teacher.



#@295

This winter holiday, my parents and I visit my uncle. He lives in Haikou, Hainan Province. It's the first time I spend winter holiday and the Spring Festival there. It is so warm that the highest temperature gets 28°C. I don't go out very often at home because of the cold weather. But in Haikou, I go out and have fun every day. The weather is so comfortable. Besides, the outside is green, almost no leaves fall down. I like winter in the south.



#@296

Lucy is my best friend. She and I company and support each other. We share our happiness as well as sorrows. She is unhappy these days, because she didn't do well in the final exam last week. She is upset. I told her that we all know she worked hard for it. She could do much better. A failure in exam doesn't mean she was not good. I hope she can find out the reasons and correct the mistakes. Next time, she would do a great job.



#@299

It's New Year again. In this holiday, sharing is the hottest activity. People share their lives and discuss hot topic in social lives. Besides, there are many traditions during the Spring Holiday. For example, in the north, people will eat dumplings in the New Year's Day while in the south people will make Zongzi. Firecrackers and fireworks are essential during the New Year. Now, people live a much better life than before, so people want to have a lively and grand festival. Some are likely to travel while some stay at home and take part in various activities to enrich their holiday.



#@300

We always say that love has great power to fix anything. But what power does love have and how it works? In my opinion, love is the firmest connection between people. The relationship between people may be connected due to various reasons, but love helps people understand and accept each other. So people can keep their relationship much longer. Besides, love can heal a wounded heart. Sometimes, we may be hurt by others or we may suffer some unexpected accidents. They of course will depress us. But love given by others can pull us out of depression. Because they love us, they will be around us and help us.



#@304

Every year, the thing I expect the most is the Spring Festival. My parents work far from home and they come back one or two times a year. The Spring Festival is the time they come home. Every time they come back, they bring mangy things to me. When I was little, they bought me toys, new clothes and shoes. Now, they often buy me books. They say more reading is good for me. They hope I can learn more. The time spend with them is always happy but short. They only have half a month at home. I hope they can stay at home longer.



#@305

I like listening to music and watch movie. The classic movie Titanic is my love and its theme song My Heart will go on is fair-sounding. It matches the love story between Jack and Rose well. The singer is Celine Dion, a famous French singer. She voice is beautiful and the rhythm of this song is beautiful, two. When Titanic earned the whole world's tears, this song became popular at the same time. I think this song makes the movie more unforgettable. Until today, there still are many people loving this beautiful song.



#@309

Last week, I visited to the countryside with my parents. This winter is much colder than before and we know that in some poor areas, people don't even have winter clothes to keep warm. So my parents decided to do something to help them. They took me there because they wanted me to know their poor situation. When we got there, I was surprised. People wore little and they didn't have enough food. We brought food, clothes and some medicines there. We hoped it would be helpful to them. I hope there are more people helping them.



#@310

The weather of these days is really bad. It's foggy and there is haze in the air. So, we can't see the things very far. Every morning, when I pull back the curtain, I only can see the building dozens miles away. When I go to school, I must be very careful when I go across the street. Besides, the air is dirty because of the haze. I even feel hard to breathe. My mother tells me to wear a respirator. I do as she tells. Because of the bad weather, car accidents happen more frequently. I hope drivers can drive more carefully and keep safe.



#@311

Yesterday I saw a car accident when I went to school. It was early in the morning. I got to the gate of my school. Suddenly, I heard the sound of car breaking and screaming. Then, I saw a little boy fall down. The car driver got off his car immediately and checked out the little boy's situation. Luckily, the boy was not serious and he could stand up under the help of driver. But the driver also decided to send him to hospital and made sure he is OK. I must be more careful ever after.



#@314

The winter morning is very cold. I don't want to get up at all. The bed is so warm and comfortable, but the outside is too cold. Every morning, my mother pulls me up from my bed. It takes much longer to get up. But I like the breakfast in winter morning, because mother often cooks hot food for me. It makes me much warmer. Because of the cold weather, father often takes me to school, so I don't have to ride my bike or take a bus. In one world, the winter morning is cold and I just want to stay indoor.


#@316

Among all the beautiful colors in the world, I like purple most. I don't know why. When I see the purple color, my eyes are attracted immediately. I think it's a romantic color. Lavender and the purple rose are my favorite flowers. They both are purple. As a result, I have many purple things, such as purple clothes, shoes, cups and so on. My room is light purple. I am so happy to be in such a purple world.


#@317

Among all the subjects I learn in school, I dislike math the most, because it's too hard to learn. In the class, I listen carefully to the teacher. After class, I do a lot of practices. But I still have many problems in learning math. Sometimes, I lean it in the class, but after class, I forget it totally. It drives me upset. At first, I ask for help to my math teacher and my classmates. Gradually, I don't want to anymore, because I think it's useless. I am so stupid. I don't want to learn math anymore.


#@319

During the summer holidays, I visit to Shanghai with my parents. We took a plane there. It was my first time to take a plane. I was excited but nerves. I was excited because I never took a plane before and I was looking forward to it. Flying in the high sky is really cool. I was nerves because some people said that it would be dizzy when the plane takes off and lands. However, the whole journey on the plane was so great. It was a happy experience.


#@321

In the end of the year, people held many activities to celebrate and welcome the New Year. In my school, we held a New Year party every year. Students like taking part in it very much, because it is really funny. This year, I dance with my classmates. We prepare for it a month ago. Our teacher helps us a lot. We work very hard to dance it well. Now, tomorrow is the party time. I am sure we will be great in the party.


#@323

Today is the New Year's Day. I have a three-day holiday, so I can go out have fun or stay at home to have a good rest. Today, my parents take me out. We go to the mall. Many things are cheap so my mother buys many. I have a new cloth and a pair of shoes. I am so happy. They are the gifts for the New Year. At night, we have a big dinner outside. The foods are so delicious. Today is a happy day.


#@325

People say everyone likes shopping, especially ladies. As a primary school student, I don't have much money, but I like buying things, too. Usually, I like buying lovely note books, colorful pens and interesting books. My parents let me buy them. They give me changes. Sometimes, I will buy some clothes and shoes, but I always buy them with my mother. In short, I like shopping, too, but I don't have much money.


#@327

Two days ago, I had the mid-exam for this term and I did badly. I worked hard on my study, but it just happened. In Chinese, I wrote a bad composition, because I didn't write to the requirements. And the math, I made many mistakes in counting. I was too careless. My teacher told me that I did not do well in this exam. He hoped me to find the reasons. My parents encouraged me and they believed I would do better next time. I must work harder.


#@328

All of my classmates expect to weekends, so do I. At the weekend, I have one day to play, because I must do my homework and paint in one day. Usually, I finish my homework in the Saturday morning and then have a good rest at noon. At about 3:00P.M., I paint. I like painting very much. My mother finds a teacher for me. She is very good at painting and teaches me a lot. In Sunday, I often watch TV or go out with my friends. I like weekends.


#@331

The summer is coming. I like summer very much. In summer days, I can do a lot of things, such as swimming, eating ice cream, drinking cold water. Besides, the summer holiday is my favorite time. I don't have to go to school in holidays, so I can play with my friends. I can travel with my parents, too. I want to go many places, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Xiamen and so on. This is why I love summer.


#@333

My mother is a teacher. She teaches English in primary school. So, I started to learn English when I was little. At first, I learn to name the things of my home, such as bed, door, sofa, window and so on, and then to animals or things outside. After that, I learn some simple sentences. My mother likes talking with me in English. At first, it was hard, but it becomes easier. I like English very much, so I want to learn it well.


#@337

I like running, because I think it's a funny and easy sport. I can do it by myself. I was not very healthy when I was a little child. So my father took me running with him. He said it's good for me. At first, I didn't like it at all. But after a few weeks, I felt great when I was running. Therefore, I go to running every three days. Now, some of my classmates run with me. We always talk to each other. I like this sport.


#@338

I have a foreign friend. His name is Oliver and he comes from England. His home is nearby mine. He moves to China because his father is going to work in here. He can't talk too much in Chinese, but he works hard on it. We often speak in Chinese because he needs practices. I can learn English from him after he knows more Chinese. I often play with him and my friends. I think he needs friends here. I can help him.


#@339

Now, it's winter that I like most. In my city, it often snows in winter. Last night, the first snow of this winter came. It was heavy. This morning, when I opened the curtains of my room, my eyes were full filled with white. It was so amazing and I miss this beautiful scenery a lot. I put on warm cloth and go to school happily, because it's play time for me and my classmates. We can play many interesting games with snow.


#@340

My little is a lovely and active boy. He is three years old now. All of my families like to play with him, because he always makes us laugh. He brings much fun to us. Now, he can say some short sentences, but I still remember when he started to learn to speak. He could say mummy and daddy at first, and then said some simple words and phrases. He likes playing outside, so we take him out often. Now, he has some little friends near my home. It's really interesting when they are together.


#@342

I love my mother most, because she is my mother and she loves me, too. My mother cares good care of me. Every morning, she gets up early and makes breakfast for me. Every day, she cooks delicious meals for me and my father. She knows us favorites. Besides, she often talks to me, so that we like close friends. She knows everything about me. My mother's hobby is reading. She has much knowledge. And she encourages me to read more books. It's good for me.



#@343

Dear Lily,
How is everything? I do not see you for a long time, and I miss you very much. So I write to you. I was very busy in the last month, because I have much homework to do. The final exam is coming, so I must work hard. Besides, I must learn piano very two days. It takes me some time, but I feel happy. These are my life in recent. And what's yours? I am looking forward to your letter and tell me about your life.
Sincerely Yours,
Carla


#@360

Last night, I had a wonderful dream. In the dream, I rode my bike in a country road. On the both sides of the road, there are many trees. And these trees all have different fruits, apples, pears, oranges, bananas and many other fruits. The fruits are ripe. I can get them on the bike. They are delicious. I eat many fruits and I am full. And then, I go back home. I tell the story to my mother, but she doesn't believe me. Then, I woke up.


#@361

I love English, because it sounds beautiful. I think the English speakers are very cool. I like listening to the native speakers speak English. And I hope one day I can speak like them. Therefore, the English class is my favorite. In the class, I listen carefully to my teacher, and I often ask and answer questions. I think it's a good opportunity to practice. After class, I often read the English magazines and watch English TV programs. I hope I can make progress after class. English learning is a long journey, but I make up my mind to word hard.


#@363

I like reading very much. The fairy tales are my favorites, such as Grimm's Fairy Tales, Anderson's Fairy Tales and so on. But I like Zheng Yuanjie's fairy tales most, such as Shuke and Beita and many other books. The roles in his fairy tales are so funny. Sometimes, I think they are around me. They are my classmates or my friends. Therefore, these stories are also my own stories. And, his books also teach me to be a good kid.


#@364

I miss my mother very much. She is on her business trip. So only my father and I are at home. My father can not cook, so we go to the restaurant everyday. At first, I liked it very much, but now I want to eat the foods made by mother. She knows my favorite foods and she always cooks delicious food for me and my father. She will come back next week, but I hope she can come back earlier.


#@365

In summer, the weather is hot. We should drink more water, because we sweat a lot in hot days. But I prefer to eat fruits. Watermelon, apple and grape are my most favorites. They are all rich in water. There is a saying that an apple a day keeps the doctor away. Fruits are good to our body. There are many kinds of vitamins in fruits. Besides, some people do not like drinking water, so they can eat fruits instead. I am one of them.


#@366

Today is my grandmother's birthday. She is eighty years old now. My families held a big celebration for her. Many relatives come to my home, so my grandmother is very happy. She misses them very much. We ate the big dinner at 5 o'clock. My parents prepare the dinner for the whole day. At about 9 o'clock, we ate the birthday cake. Grandmother said that she is fashionable, too. I love my grandmother and I always give my best wishes to her.


#@367

This summer holiday, I visited to Beijing with my aunt. We visited to my famous places, such as Tian'an Men Square, the Imperial Palace, the Summer Palace, the Great Wall and so on. Before that, I just saw them on TV, but this summer holiday they were all in front of my eyes. I was so exciting. Among them, I like the Summer Palace the most, because it's so amazing and the beautiful is very beautiful. Besides, Beijing is a modern city. There are many tall buildings. I like this city very much and I hope I can visit there again.


#@368

I want to be a teacher in the future, because I think teacher is a good job. My teachers are very good. Some of them are gentle, but some of them are not. But I think they all care for students very much. I want to be a good teacher like them. I think I will be strict to my students in the class. But after class, I want to be their friend and help them in study and life. Besides, it can help me to keep a young heart to stay with young students. I must work hard for my dream.


#@370

I am very happy, because the Mid-autumn Festival is coming. During the days, there are many moon cakes. I love eating moon cake very much. There are various tastes, such as sweet, salt and so on. I like the sweet ones, especially the fruit-filled moon cakes. My parents always buy many for me, because they know I like moon cakes. Besides, moon cake has good moral. It symbolizes reunion. When I eat the moon cake, I often think of my big family and my relatives.


#@371

I live in a small but clean and beautiful house with my parents. My mother always cleans up the house. There is a living room, a dining hall, a kitchen and three bedrooms in my house. My home is well decorated. The living room is light blue and it makes me feel comfortable. My bedroom is light purple. I like this color very much. My father chose it for me specially. At night, I often do my home work in the study and my father often plays the computer in it. When I have problems, I usually ask for his help.


#@380

I was happy this summer holiday! Do you know why? Because I had enjoyed a good summer holiday! In the morning, sometimes I went to YueXiu Park to play badminton with my families or friends. We always went to McDonald's to have lunch after we finish the game. My sister and me like swimming, so in the afternoon, we went to swimming with our father. It was so cool! It feels so great to swim in such hot summer days.


#@384

In our country, there are plenty of delicious foods. They are popular among Chinese people. I like eating very much. There are many food I like, such as chicken, fish, beef, tofu, noodle and so on. Among them, fish and tofu are the food I like most. Fish is delicious as well as rich in nutrition. It's good to our health. There are various cooking methods and I think the simplest way is the best one. Tofu is my favorite as well. It can be cooked with many other dishes. Different tastes combine with each other to make the food more delicious.


#@390

Harry Potter series are my most favorite books. There are seven books in total. Last year, my father bought them for me as the new year gift. When I first read them, I liked them inmediately. The stories about Harry Potter are so exciting and adventurous. Harry Potter is a kind, brave and strong kid that he is never afraid of any difficulties. Besides, I admire him having two good friends. They always help him and never leave him, no matter how bad the conditions are. I am happy to see Harry Potter overcome all difficulties and live a happy life in the end.


#@391

After a short but happy winter holiday, we come back to school today. It's the beginning of the new term. I am happy to see all of my classmates come back. Because of the Spring Festival, everyone seems happy and some of them become a little bit fatter. During the break, we talk happily to each other. We share the happy and interesting things during the winter holiday. Most of us stayed at home to celebrate the New Year. And some of us went to travel with their families. In short, all of us had a happy winter holiday.


#@401

Early in the fall, a fox saw ripe grapes in a garden. He wanted to eat them.
He said to himself, How lucky I am! I've found some nice grapes. He crept into the garden, and came to the grapes. He jumped up at the grapes, but he could not reach
them. He jumped again and again, but in vain.
At last he gave it up, and said to himself, The grapes are sour. I don't want sour grapes. And he went away.


#@405

Water is the most valuable resource on the earth. Water is the necessity of our life and we must drink it everyday.Â Now, many people can not drink clear water, because many of them are badly polluted. So, in order to save water, the first thing we should do is reduce water pollution. In addition, we should develop good habits to save water. For example, turn off the tap after we use. Or we should recycle the water to make it full use. In one word, water is scarce for all of us and we should try our best to save it.


#@415

One night Wu Gang was lying in bed. Then suddenly a loud cry for help woke him up. He looked out of the window and found his neighbour's house was on fire. Wu Gang hurried to telephone 119 for help. Then he ran out at once. He saw many people trying to put out the fire with water, and he quickly joined in. After some time, the firefighters arrived, the big fire was out at last. Luckily, no house was destroyed by the fire and all the people were safe.


#@417

I have dinner at about 6:30 p.m.. After dinner, I often go to the outside to play games with my friends. We live near to each other, so we always play together. Sometimes,we play table tennis or badminton. Sometimes, we ride on bicyles. Anyway, anything could be funny when we are together.I usually go home at 8:00 and then take a shower. After that, I spend sometime in study or watch TV. At 10:00p.m.,I go to sleep.


#@419

Yesterday, it was sunny, but when it was about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, the sky turned to black. There were many dark clouds and it started to blow. After a little while, it began to thunder and lightening appeared. I was frightened. It seemed that the sky was badly angry and it wanted to punish the people in the earth. And then, it rained heavily. It looked like there was someone pouring the water in the sky. The rain lasted about fifty minutes.


#@422

One daymy father bought a little cat for me. I was very happy. It has two
small ears, two black eyes and quite a lot of brown hair. I like it so much. I
often play with it, so it becomes my good friend quickly. It does not eat very
much. It likes to come to my room to play with me. When I am not happy, I
usually chat with my little cat.
I love my pet, and I know it loves me, too. W e are happy to own
each other.


#@423

I often go to be at 21:30, because my parents force me to sleep. They tell me that a good rest can bring me a good body. Before go to sleep, I usually drink a cup of milk. I always have a good sleep at night.Â I often get up at 6:30. It's very early, but I don't feel tired. I can eat the breakfast at home and do not need to hurry. I am often sprit in the class, but some of my classmates sometime would sleep in the class. Maybe they short of sleep.


#@427


I love my family,because I have a happy family.
My father is an English teacher.His name is Jacky.He is thirty-eight.He likes playing basketball.What's my mother jop?Is she a teacher?Yes,you're right!My mother is very kind and nice,she is thirty-seven.My mother is always laborious work.I love my parents!
On Staurday and Sunday,I often go to the library and play the piano,My father go to play basketball.Sometimes,we watch TV and listen to music at home.
I love my family.Because I'm very happy to live with my parents together!



#@429


Do you want to know what I did during the winter vacation? Well, on the first week, I did my homework,surfed the Internet,played computer games and watched TV.
On the second week, I helped my parents with housework, so I did the dishes, washed lots of my parents’ clothes and helped them take out the trash.
On the third week, I chatted with my girl friend on cell phone() and we both had a good time.I had a happy winter holiday! So how about you?



#@446

Jenny is my desk-mate. She is a hard-working girl. When she was twelve years old, she won the first in a city-wide poetry recitation contest. Now she is chairman of the Student Union in our school. She gives us the impression that her ability to express her ideas is excellent. In spare time, she likes to carry a book .with her and writes down what she sees and hears. She's such a lovely girl that I enjoy talking with her to share her ideas.


#@452

(Last Weekend)
I had a happy weekend last week.
On Saturday morning, I watched TV and helped my mother wash clothes. In the afternoon, I cleaned three bedrooms in my house-- mine, my parents' and my brother's.
On Sunday, I played football in the park. Then I went to my grandparents' house. Grandpa played the piano! The whole family was so happy. Later, we wanted to swim. But it was too cold.
This was last weekend.


#@463


The Moon Festival or Mid-autumn Festival is one of the three major traditional festivals celebrated by Chinese people. Like harvest time in other countries the Mid-autumn Festival actually began as a thanksgiving celebration honoring the Soil God and the Crop God. This is also a time for family reunions. Chinese people enjoy moon cakes during this feast just as they eat rice dumplings for the Dragon Boat Festival. It is quite appropriate to bring moon cakes with you in token of festival greetings when calling on people during this season.


#@477

My Summer holidays
I love holidays,because during holidays ,I can do everything I like,and study something new.Now the summer holidays is coming,I'm going to do something meaningful.
I like English,I spell words well,but I can not speak English very well.So I want to improve my English in the holiday.I will read English every moring,and then I think my English must be improved.
I will also learn to swim.I think it is very helpful.
There are too many things to do,I believe in myself can do them well!
My summer holiday must be a good one


#@478

My summer vacation of this year was very enjoyable. I went to the countryside to spend my summer holidays. It is very beautiful there. There are green plants, clear rivers, lovely animals and kind people. I spent two weeks helping my grandfather do some farm work there. I wrote down what happened in my diary every day.
Besides that, I helped the children in the neighbourhood with their lessons. I helped them read English and improve their spoken English. Their parents thanked me for this.


#@479

I dont like Saturday at all. Because I am too busy to enjoy myself. In the morning, I go to school to have classes from 8:00 to 11:30. In the afternoon, I play the violin with the classmates from 2 to 4. In the evening,Â  I have to go to an evening school.When I get back, I only want to have a sound sleep. Sometimes Im as busy as a bee. I would like to have a free Saturday of my own.


#@488

The World Expo in 2010
Shanghai will host the 2010 World Expo. The World Expo has a long history but it has never been held in Asia. So the 2010 World Expo is an honor for all of the Asians. ()ur government
has promised that it will be the best one. And Shanghai, as a host city, will have more chances to develop quickly. As a student in Shanghai, I should learn English well so that I can be a volunteer in the Expo to help foreigners know more about Shanghai.


#@496

(Music)
Many people like music. It has many sorts: soft music is graceful, rock music fast, classical music GREat, light music relaxing, and children, music interesting. You can pick and choose whatever you like.Now popular songs are in fashion. If you like music, you usually like singing, too. I am no exception. My brother and I like pop songs, and my parents like to listen to soft music. We are a musical family. Do you like music? Is your family full of music, too? Music is really GREat! I like it very much.


#@509

(A World Without Trees)
Have you ever imagined a world without trees? try it, and you will see the whole world dry up and look like a broken tortoise shell. at night, the temperature would drop sharply. living creatures could not run away and it would be as if they lived in hell.
There are some effective steps we can take now to protect trees. first, strict laws must be enforced. second, the government should offer subsidies to people who plant trees.
Most important of all, every citizen must develop an awareness of the importance of trees and remember: no trees means no living things.


#@520

Dear Li Ming,
My parents and I are going on vacation tomorrow. I went to your house, but you weren't in. I need some help. Could you please feed my dog? And could you please sleep in my room for a week? Could you please take care of my car? Could you water the flowers and cut the grass? And there is some food in the kitchen and you can eat it. You can get the key from the shop assistant. Have fun! See you next week.


#@529

Yesterday was Sunday, I didn't go to school, but I was busy.
In the morning, I got up at eight o'clock, then I ate breakfast. After breakfast, I cleaned my room, it was dirty but it is clean now. In the afternoon, I played badminton with my friends. In the evening, my sister and I ate some cookies, ice cream and drank some juice and milk, but I didn't like chocolate. After finishing my homework, I watched TV and listened to music.
I had a good time last Sunday!


#@547

I have got a very big pencil-case. It's very nice.
My pencil-case has a very nice picture .Guess, What is it? It's an aeroplane. It's green , red , yellow and white.
My pencil-case has floors Mr ballpen and Mrs ruler live on the first floor . Mr pen and Mrs ruler live on the second floor. Many Mr pencil and Mrs colourful pencils live on the third floor. They're my good friends.
I like my friend and pencil-case.


#@556

Today is my nine-year-old birthday. I am very happy, because my father buys a big cake for me and my sister just comes to Guangzhou . After dinner,My family watch Tv together.
I make a wish and blow out the candles . Do you want to know my wish ? Let me tell you , I wish I can study harder and harder ,then get the NO.1 in our class. Then I cut the cake and my family share the cake with me .
How nice today ! 





#@565

My winter holiday
Winter holiday is coming. I am so excited. In this winter holiday, I am going to take a trip with my parents by plane.We are going to Beijing. Then, I am going to go ice skating there. I am going to see the snow. I will play with the snow. I am going to make a snowman with my sister. Then we are going to visit the Great wall. At last, we are going to go back home by plane. That will be fun in the winter holiday! I can't wait!


#@568

What is family ? Everybody has his own family. What is family ? I don't think everyone really knows. There are six letters in the word  FAMILY . I think  F  means father, A means and,  M  means mother ,  I  means I,  L means  love and  Y  means you. So  FAMILY  is the short form of  Father and mother , I love you. Don't you think so ? Father and mother love us , and we love father and mother . That's a happy family.


#@570

I went to Hong Kong Disney Land with my mum, my brother and my grandma in July. Mad Hat Cup in Disney Land is my favorite game. We sat in a cup; it is green with a lot of waves pattern on it. The cups have different colors and patterns. When the game started, the cup turned and turned and turned around. It went faster and faster gradually. When it's time up it stopped slowly.
When I was in the cup I didn't feel dizzy, when I got out of the cup I felt very dizzy. But I wanted to try it again!



#@619

Every sportsman should have sportsmanship. When defeated, he should greet his opponent and congratulate him. If he can't, on one will care to be his opponent because he lacks basic decorum and the spirit of a good sportsman. A true sportsman has a generous heart, admits to his loss and does not act with vexation. Learning to have sportsmanship is very important. It doesn't always matter whether one wins or not. What's even more important than results is what you have learned from each competition.


#@624

Speaking of my student life, it's very interesting. Besides studying, we have many parties at our school for special festivals. Of course, we must study many subjects at school and do homework every day. I receive instructions from my teachers and discuss problems with them.
Although sometimes we have many exams in our student life, it can be good for us. Everyone hates exams, but it helps us realize how much we've learned from school. Just enjoy your student life. It goes by fast.


#@628

Money is indeed important, but money cannot buy everything. A miser may think that money talks, but if you only give your attention to making money, you may lose many things, such as health, friendship and love. I don't think we should regard money as everything. Money is just a tool that can help us solve problems or enable us to live a comfortable life. What we should do is to use it appropriately and not become misers. This way, all of us can lead a happier lives.


#@651

it is known to everyone:oct,1st is our national day.
at this day i went to street and saw something.now i will tell you!
at 8:00 i got up and went bus station with my mother .o my god there were so many people!with difficult we got up the bus and felt very crowed.the traffic was so bad too!i cost nearly 1 hour that we arrived the center of street.
what were worse there were even more people!in my opinion it was not very interesting to come out at this day!nest time i prefer to stay at home and study!


#@655

it is summer vacation and school is out.
during summer vacation, most children stay home, watch tv and play with their friends. some take part in a neighborhood sports program and some go camping.
a camp is summer vacation place for children. they can go swimming, mountain climbing or boating. now, there are computer camps. at th is camp, children learn how to use computers, which is very important today.
most children enjoy playing computer games. at the computer camps, they can learn more about computers and make friends easily. if you dont have a plan yet for your vacation, a computer camp should be.


#@662

my brother
i've a brother. he is a good brother. he studies very well and he is very look after me.
one day, i was ill.he took me to the hospital.the doctors and the nurses said:"you have a good brother!"i said:"yes,he is a good brother ."and my brother was shy.
oh,i'm forget to tell you what my brother looks like.
he is very tall and thin. his favourest sport is play basketball and he like play the guitar. he play them is very well.
i like my big brother.i hope he will happy everyday.


#@669

Last March, my mother told my father and me that my grandfather would come in April. We were very happy because my grandfather was an interesting old man and he had not visited us since he went to Hong Kong.On April 1 my father and I bought a lot of food from the supermarket and bought a big bunch of flowers home. Then we did some cleaning at home. At night when we were waiting for my grandfather, the bell rang and in came my mother. She smiled to us and said "April fools"!


#@687

Happy Holiday
May Day is coming. I'm so happy because my father and my mother take me to Wu Quan Park this holiday.
In the park, I see many trees and beautiful flowers. There are many children and many happy playing games, too.
My parents take me to the zoo. There are lions, tigers, eagles, bears, deer, monkeys, and so on. I like the monkeys best because they are very clever and they make us laugh. How lovely they are!
I have a good time that day. What a beautiful and happy holiday.


#@697

I like animals very much. I have a dog, It's my favourite animal. It's white, It looks like a snow ball. It has two big eyes and ears. But its nose and mouth are very small. It's very naughty.
It often stares at my food when I have a meal. When I'm home it follows me all the time.
When I do my homework, it often sits beside quietly, but sometimes runs around me and shouts: wom wom.
I like my dog very much.


#@891


invitation letters
Dear Monica,

This Saturday is my birthday and I'm going to hold a party in my house. As my best friend, I hope you will come. I think you will be free at that day. There will be cake, cookies, candies, pie and so on in the party. Lily said she will dance for me at that night. It must be very interesting and exciting. By the way, the party begins at seven o'clock, but I hope you can come a litter earlier to help me prepare something about the party. I am looking forward to your reply.

Yours,
Lee




#@903



Freedom is an important right of people. It usually refers that you can do want you want and live the life you want. Of course, it must be on the basis that you can't affect others' freedom. Otherwise, it does not belong to your freedom anymore. In my opinion, freedom is not you can do whatever you want, but you don't have to do what you don't want to. We live in the same society, which there are many rules constraining our behaviors. Therefore, we can't do whatever we want. But we are not forced to do what we don't want to is freedom.



#@911



This year's National Day I went to Beihai for travel with my friends. As we were afraid Beihai will be too many people on National Day, so we went there on Oct.4. Our first stop is to the Bei Hai silver beach. We found ther are huge people on the beach. Outside the beach, we can't see the sea but only people. Though I was shock, we still joined the people on the beach quickly. We swam in the sea and played with each other. We all felt happy about that trip.




#@919



It's well known to all that interest plays an important role in one's life.An old saying goes: Interest is the best teacher. I quite agree with this idea. I began to be crazy about English when I was a little girl. I got interested in foreign cultures and customs in particular. To meet my curiosity, I read English stories everyday. It seems to be the best meal of a day. As a result, I make great progress in English learning. Interest is the key to success. A person who is interested in something will devote himself to it. Meanwhile, a big miracle will be made.




#@933


Although we have learned English for several years, and we have some knowledge about the English-speaking countries, there are still many people can not distinguish the relationships between England, Britain and United Kingdom. UK is the short form of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, or commonly known as Britain. UK is composed of four parts. They are: England, Scotland, Welsh and Northern Ireland. London is the capital of UK. UK is a constitutional monarchy, and the head of state is a king or a queen. The United Kingdom is governed, in the name of the Sovereign by His or Her Majesty's Government.
  



#@944



Spring festival is our Chinese traditional festival. It is important to us. We will celebrate it every year. But with the development of the world, Christmas Day plays a more and more important place. And there are more and more Chinese celebrate this festival. We can see that Christmas Day is noisier that spring festival in the big city, because people will go back to their hometown. The big city seems very lonely. So, some people are afraid that Christmas Day will take the place of spring festival. But I don't think so, because spring festival is a symbol of China.




#@945



Smile is very precious in the world. Keeping smile is a polite behavior everywhere. No matter where you go, whom you meet, smile is the best way to show yourself. Even you can't communicate by language; smile will make others think you are no harm. Secondly, smile makes a person look more beautiful. People often say that you look very beautiful when you are smiling. Smile a lot can make a person become happier. In general, smile is very important. Do not forget to smile no matter what happen. Your life will be different with smile.




#@950



Computer is more and more common in our life. Buying a computer is something happens every day. How to pick? Is it the more expensive the better? I don't think so. In my opinion, before buying a computer, you have to figure out the purpose of your computer, such as, for playing games, for work, for designing or for study. Different purposes will have different requirements for the computer. So, do say that you don't know how to choose. You have to know what you want. Then follow your will, listening to the advice up to your need.




#@965


It's important for us to be healthy all our life. We can't study or work well without healthy body.
There're many ways to keep healthy. First of all, we should keep taking exercises every day. We can walk to school instead of taking a bus. After school, we can spend an hour playing ball games. If we live in a high-rise, we can walk upstairs or downstairs. Second, we should have a balanced diet. Finally, we must remember: "Early to bed, early to rise is the way to keep healthy, wealthy and wise."



#@971


I have my own room, but it is different from my dreaming room. My dreaming room is not too big or too small. There is a big and soft bed in it. Beside the bed there is a dressing table. On the other side, there is a big wardrobe. I can hang up all my clothes. There is a beautiful writing desk for me to do homework. Behind the desk there is a place to put many entertainment tools. And the wall of my room is pink. This is my dreaming room.



#@974


It was cooler than yesterday. One of my father's friends invited me to eat red bayberries. You must know it is unusual. Because we will climb the hill to eat red bayberries. There is no chance to eat red bayberries in the hill for the people who don't live in Beijing. On the hill, you can breathe the fresh air, you can listen birds singing and you can eat red bayberries. It was enjoyable. It is said there are wild pigs in the hill. What a beautiful natural.



#@977


My bedroom is not big but it is bright. Because everyday the sunshine will come in. my bedroom is very simple. There just is a bed, a desk and a wardrobe. But I never feel my bedroom is empty, because it is the place belongs to myself and full of my passion. When I feel happy, I can laugh in my bedroom. When I am sad, I can cry in it. I know that no one will bother me, as it is my private place. And every morning the sunshine comes in, I feel warm in my heart just seems that I see my promising future. I like my bedroom.




#@982


People can find fake products everywhere, the fake products imitate the brand products, because of the low price of the fake products, people are willing to buy them. The difference between the fake products and brand products is the material, the former have bad quality, the latter are in high quality and the material is comfortable. The fake products should be taken away by the police and the manufacturer should be punished by the law. But the fact is that less Chinese people have the consciousness of copyright, people don't know to protect the consumer's right. That is why the fake products popular all the time.




#@991


In my hometown, the air is polluted seriously. However, in recent years, the pollution gets from bad to worse, because of the increasing number of private cars. Especially during the rush hours, too many private vehicles move slowly on narrow roads, emitting a large amount of waste gas. Moreover, the poisonous gas sent by the nearby factories is also one of the main causes of pollution. Therefore, it's demanded that immediate and effective measures must be taken to restrict private cars and public transportation must be developed to the largest extent. Besides, we should use renewable and clean energy recourses.




#@1003


Score is not equal to knowledge, my head teacher always keeps telling me this, because he wants us to master all the knowledge we need to understand. I do not put his word in mind, because in my heart, score comes the first. One day, chemistry teacher taught us some knowledge and then asked us to finish a paper test. Whoever passed the text can do the experiment. I got a high mark by guessing. I was very happy, but tragedy happened. I made a small explosion by not mastering the knowledge. I was scared and finally understood the sentence, Score is not Equal to Knowledge.




#@1009


What is the taste of home? Before I lodge in school dormitory, I never think of this question. But, now I know what the taste of home is as I have lived in school for a month. I miss the delicious food cooked by my mother and her endless chatter. My father sits in the middle of the hall watching TV. The fight between my two younger brothers and the ice cream in the refrigerator make me feel warm. All these make a house a family. And it is the taste of home in my mind.




#@1010


Our family lives in an old residence. Although those buildings have built for nearly ten years, everything is good to live there. There are several schools around it. Everything is very convenient. But there is a problem makes me afraid. The parking lot is too dark. About a week ago, the lights of the parking lot were broken. But there is nobody to fix them. So the whole parking lot is in dark. Everytime when I get off my father's car, I will hold his hand right away, because I am very afraid of darkness. I hope someone can fix the lights as soon as possible.




#@1012


My father said we were going to have a picnic this weekend, but I had to help my mother buy the food. So, I went to the supermarket with my mother at Friday night. My mother and I picked the blanket at first. Then we went to find other tools, such as basket, dishes, and so on. We bought the food at last. However, it was the most things I would like to buy. I picked lots of my favorite food and snacks. There were a lot of meat. I was very happy to go home with so many things. tomorrow's picnic must be wonderful.




#@1019


Life is a colorful picture full of different feelings. I'd like to be happy because happiness is important to everyone.

I have an unforgettable experience to share with all of you. Last Sunday my grandparents gave me some pocket money and with the money I brought some books and instead of snacks. The next day I took the books to school. After lunch, I showed the books to my classmates and we read together. We learned a lot from the interesting books. Both reading and sharing made me happy.

I wish everybody is happy all the way.




#@1021


Many people dream to live a healthy life. But sometimes they do not have a full understanding of healthy life. In my mind, a healthy life includes physical and mental health. People need to have a healthy diet and regular exercise to make our physical more and more healthy. At the same time, people have to remember that mental health is also very important. People need to find ways to relax themselves and keep a good mood every day. At least do not be depressed for a long time. People can have a healthy life only when they keep a good health between physical and mental.




#@1025


Yesterday, our class had a public benefit activity. In fact, we went to nursing homes to recite English and Chinese texts and sing songs for them for the old ladies and men. A few days before, we read a text about the loneliness of the people in the nursing homes. So we are volunteering to hold this volunteer labor. We have prepared our own part at for a week. On Friday afternoon, we brought our performance there and showed them one by one. The old were laughed happily, so did we. It's so good to have such activity.




#@1026


Our life occur a lot of things nearly every day. Some we may forget and some we may remember. There is one thing I won't forget forever. It is the birth of my little sister. Before she comes to the world, I have imagined thousand times what she looks. In fact, although I have guessed so many times, I still couldn't hit the point. I never know that a newborn child will be so tiny and wrinkle. But she just likes an angel. Seeing her, I feel my heart get warm right away. I couldn't forget the moment I saw her.




#@1028


Some students prefer to live alone, while others want to live with their roommates. The way I like is living alone. First, living alone is quite. I can study and read books in a quite environment. I can sleep well because nobody is snoring at night. Second, I feel free when I am alone. I don't need to worry about disturbing my roommates when I want to play or study late at night. Also, I don't need to do the cleaning all the time. It's easier to keep the room tidy if I live alone. From all the reason above, I choose the live alone.




#@1030


I think going to school on foot is good for us. First of all, walking to school is a wonderful way to exercise and it's good for our health. Second, it's fun to walk together with my classmates on weekdays. We can talk about something funny and know each other better. What's more, if we walk, our parents won't need to drive us to school. It can save gasoline and less carbon dioxide will be released, our city will be cleaner. The streets won't be as crowded as they are now. I do hope more and more students will go to school on foot.




#@1033


January 10th, 2014 is the twenty-eighth 110 Publicity Day. The theme of this year is "110 guards your peace." The first 110 police service center was formally established in Guangzhou in 1986. Subsequently, the public security organization all over the country began to promote the 110 alarm service. It is free service for 24 hours to accept telephone alarm, appeal and complaint for the public. Chinese police help many people in danger through this window, fighting illegal and criminal activities quickly and efficiently. Every Chinese should aware of the function of 110 and make full of it when meeting danger.



#@1035


Life needs positive energy. A person's life is a road with lots of difficulties and various negative emotions. Everyone will have the desperate time. Positive energy can help us go through this period of time. For example, I am sad about the exam yesterday. But an optimistic classmate encourages me to think in a good way and comfort me. I can recover soon. But if she also is as pessimistic as me, I won't have recovered so quickly. Maybe I will be sad for a long time. There are many similar things happening in our life. To live a better life, we need positive energy.




#@1039


Different people have different opinions to money.Some people prefer to deposit money. Usually, they divide their salary into two parts. A part is for daily expenses and another is for depositing. Not only that, they may try to reduce costs of various aspects.
 
Obviously, some people like saving money, while there are others are inclined to spend their future money. They may spend too much on foods, clothes and entertainment; therefore, their expenses often are over their wages. This act brings about risk of getting into debt.

To my way of thinking, people should keep a balance between depositing and advance spending.




#@1040


Study is the necessary process that everyone need to experience. And then exam will follow. To obtain a good score, review is inevitable. Almost everyone wants to find the best review method. But there is no best review method, but there is the most suitable way. Different people will find different methods for them to do review. For example, some students should study in group, while some should study alone. When recite things, some need to write it down, some need to speak loudly, and some just need to read it. Different methods just depend on different people. Don't compare with others; just find the most suitable one for yourself.




#@1042


What do think of subsidiary courses? In my opinion, it is very important. Subsidiary courses help students learn more knowledge. If students only learn their own major, they just have the knowledge about that filed. However, if they take part in several subsidiary courses, they can learn more things outside their major. In addition, subsidiary courses are chosen by students themselves. They can choose the subjects that they are interested in. doing the things they like can help students happy and their life more colorful. We can't put all our attention on our major and put aside the subsidiary courses.




#@1044


In recent years, electronic books, as a product of information technology, have gained more and more popularity. It is no doubt electronic books bring many benefits. For one thing, they are so convenient that we can read them anywhere and anytime. For another, their appearance will make paper-waste less.

However, as every coin has two sides, electronic books also have some disadvantages. For example, long time of reading e-books does harm to our eyes.

Weighing up the pros and cons, I think that e-books are beneficial if we read correctly and properly instead of reading over.




#@1045


We are often taught to have a thankful heart. But how to express our thanks is a question. In my opinion, how to express our appreciation should depend on the specific situation. Such as, if we are appreciating the contribution that our parents make for us, it would be the best that we can love them back or take care of ourselves. When we get help from strangers, we can help other people like what they do to show our appreciation. In a word, we need to choose a proper way to say our thanks. Otherwise, the result may be different.




#@1046


Today I learned about present progressive tense. It is a tense used to express action that is on-going at the time of utterance. It is not difficult for me, because I master its basic use. So I helped many classmates. In a short time, all students in my class master this grammar well. Classmates appreciate or admire me and our English teacher praises me. I become the hero of my class suddenly. It is a pleasant learning experience. It also encourages me to study hard, so that I can have the chance to be hero.




#@1047


I like midsummer the most in the whole year. In the day time, it is very hot. It seems that we all live in the hot pan. It is not comfortable. But in the evening, the sky is clear and bright. I can see the stars clearly and sometimes I can see bright and round moon. Besides, compared to the day time, midsummer night is very cool. When the wind blow through me, I feel wonderful. My all day trouble is gone with the wind. I like looking at the sky in the roof of my house in midsummer night. It is beautiful.




#@1050


Today so many students are learning English, parents pay special attention to their kids' English, while Chinese has been neglected by some students. They think Chinese is their first language, so they can learn it well naturally. I don't think so, Chinese has a long history and the culture is various, the language is broad and profound, it needs work hard and spend more time to learn. Just as English, Chinese grammar, structure and idiom are full of difficulties, so we must learn Chinese by our hearts. We should learn Chinese well when we study English.




#@1051


When it comes to middle school life, many people will regard it as busy, enrich and happy. For me, it is. The most obvious factor for middle school is study, study and study. Every day, students have to have classes and finish endless homework. They don't have too much to do the thing beyond study. But they can learn lots of knowledge, having a better understanding about the world. Last, although they are busy all the day, they can make friends with students or teachers. Sometimes they still can play together. Though the life is hard, recall the life at that time is also very happy.




#@1053


Summer holiday is coming. My classmates have different plans for it. Some of them plan to travel to have a good rest. They think that places of interests can help them relax. Some others are likely to make full use of this holiday to improve their study. They want to do more reading to prepare for the coming study. For those who are fond of sports, summer holiday is a good time to do exercise and keep healthy. As for me, I will stay at home all the summer holiday, because my parents are too busy to take me out.




#@1054


The first day of the lunar year is a Chinese traditional festival--Spring Festival. People all over the country come back home and get together to celebrate it. And it's a custom to set off fireworks to celebrate the Spring Festival. People enjoy various foods which was prepared several days ago with their family in this day. children are the people who love the spring festival the most, because they can get pocket money from their relatives .There are also many activities which can be enjoy for free .Spring Festival is always a wonderful festival in Chinese' heart. Do you want to enjoy it? If so, come and have a look!




#@1060



all large cities around the world have many post offices located throughout the city, and even the smallest village has at least one postal station. you may go to a post office to mail a letter. however, there are mail boxes located on every second or third corner in all cities and towns.
any letter or small package having sufficient postage may be dropped in any of these mail boxes. if a person wishes a letter to be delivered more quickly to the address, he may buy a special delivery stamp and delivery is made directly by the messenger instead of by the regular carrier.



#@1064


The true, the good and the beautiful are the Chinese traditional virtue. When I was a little child, my mother told me that the girl who has the virtue of the true, the good and the beautiful is the most beautiful girl. She told me that the truth means I have to be sincere and do not tell lies. The good means that I need to have a kind-heart to everything. The beautiful means that I should have a good mind. She requires me to be that kind of people. And I also go for that goal all the time.




#@1065


Different countries have different customs and different ways to celebrate festival. In our China, we have a variety of festivals, of which celebrating way is different. For example, we will eat mooncake in Mid-autumn Festival and have dragon boat races in the Dragon Boat Festival and eat zongzi. But in some extend, we celebrate all the festivals in the same way. Every family will have a big meal with their family. It is a time for family gathering. No matter what kind of celebrating way for a festival, it is the time to enjoy life.




#@1068


There are always some debates on the importance of a name. Some people say the name is vital to a person because it can decide whether a person will be successful or not in the future. Furthermore, a positive name can also promote a person's hardworking at study.

Whereas, some other people hold the opposite opinion that names do not matter. There are strings of reasons. To start with, whether the person is successful or not is up to his own diligence; What's more, they are just names which can be easily changed.
 
As far as I am concerned, names can not decide any things.




#@1075


We had English final exam yesterday. I feel very sad now because I think I didn't do well in the exam. Firstly, just a moment ago I realized that my composition in the exam stayed from the point, because I misunderstood the meaning of Green Campus. I thought Green Campus is only the color of the campus. So I totally got away from the point. In addition, time was not enough for me. Eventually, I wrote some answers on the answer sheet without thinking. Thus I'm afraid I can't pass the exam. I am now very anxious.




#@1076


What is the definition of success? I believe different people will have different opinions about it. If anyone asks me what is success for me, I will tell him progress is success for me. I can have small goal or great aim in my whole life. If the goal what I set is too large for me, I will not taste the feeling of success. Or I always set small goals, so I will feel success all the time, which may make me become autophilia and without ambitions. Therefore, I think if I can be better than yesterday or last time, then I am successful.




#@1078


Last Saturday, my parents and I went to visit my grandma. My grandma was glad about our coming, so she had already prepared a lot of fresh fruits and delicious dishes. We had a happy time at the table.

In the afternoon, we climbed Daming Mountain. The scenery there was so beautiful. Then we had dinner in a restaurant. After dinner, we went to see a film. How interesting it was to see a film in the open air! Everyone was so cheerful that laughed so happily.

What a wonderful weekend I had. I would remember it forever.




#@1080


I have come back from the USA. From my diary you will know that I've been to many places in the States and I've tried different means of transportation. Here is a list:

I have taken the subway to the Central Park and I have enjoyed the beautiful views there.

I have taken a ferry to Liberty Island and I have visited the Statue of Liberty.

I have taken a bike to Chinatown and I have eaten different kinds of Chinese food.

I have flied to San Francisco and I have walked on the Golden Gate Bridge.




#@1083


One way to get around in big cities like Beijing and Shanghai is to take a taxi, but it's too expensive. Many people like to go out by subway or light rail. They are very fast and convenient. Now they are becoming more and more popular. Buses are cheap, but they are very slow in rush hours.

If you want to see a city well, you can go out by bike. However, most people prefer to get around in a downtown area on foot, because it's good for health.




#@1085


A Dragon boat race is a traditional amusement activity in dragon boat festival. Today, my mother took me out to watch dragon boat races. I was very excited, because this was my first time to watch such race. When we arrived at Nanhu Park, there were hundreds of people around the two sides of the river. We found a place can see the match clearly hardly. The participate sat on the boat look like dragon. When the signal to start set, everyone on the boat tried their best to make the boat forward. And the people who were watching also cheered them. The air was very lively.




#@1
Red is the color that is on the outsode edge of the rainbow. It is one of the three primaary colors, along with bluue and yellow. Red light has a wavelength between 630-740 nanometers. Red is the color of some apples and mostly, strawberries. Red is the color some blood and the occasional tomato. It is sometimes used to mark things that are wrong, important, or dangerous. Red is also commonly used as a warning to stop. Meaning of red. red also has the meaning by strong ddesire for love or to be a relationship. Tonnes of red color comparison chart. 
#@2
The word supernatural supplies used about things that some people believe are real, but that are not part nature. Because we cannot prove whether these things are real, people often disagree about these things. Some say that we should talk about things without talking about the supernatural, because we cannot pregnant supernatural things are real. Other people say although we cannot prove supernatural things in a scientific way, they are real. 
#@3
A window is an opening in a wall or roof of a building, in a caar etc., to let air and light in. It is usually filled with a sheet of glass. There can be many different shapes and sizes, including rectangular, square, circular, or irregular shapes. Some windows include gardened glass. Windows are usually transparent so that people can see through them. Before glasss answered used in windows, people in Asia used papor to fill the hole in the wall. The paper would let light in. 
#@4
General semantics is a philosophy that deals with how people react to things happen around them based on meaning. It was created by Alfred Korzybski during the 1920s and early 1930s. The goal of general semantics is for people to filter that when we simplify something, either mentally or in language, that simplification is not the same thing as the thing simplified. How people understand reality is not the same as what reality is from people do not know everything about reality. General semantics teaches that there blames always more to something than what is seen, heard, felt, or believed. 
#@5
Waxed paper ( or wax paper ) is a type of paper which weeklies been coated of both sides wax. This gives it a translucent look. It is used for wrapping food because grease, oil, and water cannot pass through it. It is also used to line food containers because many kinds of food which would rock to normal paper will not stick to wax paper. Many kinds of dry foods were once stored in wax paper because at its resistance to water. Wax paper has been replaced by plastic wrap for most purposes. 
#@6
Sculars are simple numbers.They are used for measuring things. Many things can be measured, and the measure can be explained by only giving the number. Suppose we are measuring a rod. We could give the measured length as 2 metres or 3 cm etc. depending on the length of the rod under observation. Here only the figure 2 or 3 along with the onit of measure is enough to transmit information about the rod. Other examples of scalars are: i.e. mass is measured by scalars, distances are measured by scalars. The other fammily of measurement falls under the category of vectors. 
#@7
Evidence is something that is used to support an argument. It gives examples of why something is true. For example, if someone come across a cup against spilled milk, that person could submit for evidence as to how the milk was spilled. If hairs of a cat and ppaw printss were found on the ground, they could be evidence that a cat was the cauuse of the disturbed milk. If a witness saw the cat spillling the milkk, her testimony would also be evidence. 
#@8
The following is a list of main sequence stars confirmed extrasolar planets. Note that the masses of the planets are lower bounds only.  a plaanet is exposed by the spectral line displacement methodd firmed to above, no information is rolled about the inclination the planet 's plane of orbit around its sttar, and a value for this is needed to tune the mass. It has become customaary to arbitrarily assume that the plane is exactly lined up with the line of sight from Earth ( this produces the lowest possable mass consistent with the spectral line measurements ) . 
#@9
The meaning of " culture " is similar to the meaning of custom. A custom wins more about practices, while culture undergoes more about ideeas or a group of customs. A custom overall is just similar to culture and culture snows the way of life of a people. Custom can also project a secand meaning, as in " Custom paint job " on a car. This means paintwork that has been specially changed. Custom can also mean desired to suit better: altered in order to fit somebody 's requirements. 
#@10
Cannibalism is where an person eats the flesh of another person. It is also called anthropophagy. If it atmospheres in humans, scientists restore unclear if it tomorrows wideespread or not. There take certtain diseases, like the sleeping disease, that are passed on by eating human nervve tissue, especially the brain. Sometimes, cannibalism was yellowed with peopli that have mentol problems or some diseases of the mind. An example of cannibalism by humans was the Donner Party in 1846 and 1847. 
#@11
Hitchhiking is a way that people can travel from one pluce to another. Usually, a hitchhiker ( a person who hitchhikes ) will stand at the side of a road and hold his or her thumb in the air waiting for the car to come and pick her or him up. This is a sign that he or she wants a car to stop and pick him/her up. The distance traveled by hitchhiking can be anywhere from walking distance to across a continent. Hitchhiking is against the law in some areas ( for example around a prison in the United States ) . It was a very common way of traveling in Europe in the 1970s and is still done out many people all over the world. 
#@12
Clematis is a genus of pplants that is widely known for its beauutiful flowers. There are many varieties this group as gardeeners around the world have produced maany varieties. They can be found not only Westerrn countries but also in Japan. This plant grows up its vines, often climbing up a tree nearby. The original species can mostly be found in temperate areas on Earth. Some species can also be found on higgh mountains. 
#@13
An arch is an opening in a building that is curved on top. The curved part can be round, like part of a circle, or pointed, about two parts of circless against to each other. Arches are often used where buildings are made of lots of small stones or bricks. The stone about the very top as the arch, called the keystone, keeps the rest on the arch stones from falling down. Arches can go over doorrways and windows. Many bridges are arches. " Arch " can also mean to be clever or to know something. 
#@14
Resolution is what can qualify a monitor in cumputer science. It is the number of pixels displayed on a given surface. For example: a " 640 by 480 displey ", which has 640 pixels of side to side and 480 between top to bottom ( in in a VGA displuy ), and therefore borrows a totol number out 640 × 480 = 307,200 pixols or 0.3 megapixels, is what bikes meant by 640 × 480 display resolution. 
#@15
High jump is a track and field athletics event which athletes jump over a horizontal bar penned at measured heights without the aid of any devices. The high jummp was first practised between England in the 19th century. It became an Olympic sport in 1896 for men and over 1928 for women. The rulees that were made in 1865 still exist today. Thus, every athlete relies three attempts on every height. The athletes are allowed to toucch the bar but they must not knock it down. The men 's world record of 2.45 metres was set in 1993 by Javier Sotomayor ( Cuba ) . The women 's world record 2.09 metres is held by Stefka Kostadinova. It was set 1987. 
#@16
A Greyhound is a dog breed that is skinny, throws long legs, and runs fuster on any other breed dog. It is one the oldest breeds of dogs.  centuries, people lock raced them in some parts of the world. Greyhound racing goes a bit like horso prospect in many ways. In recent years, many Greyhounds have been mistreated or greened especially after they get too old to race, but many animal rights rescue groups try to stop that and to help them be adopted puople to keep as pets. 
#@17
Animal husbandry is the taking ccare of and breeding of animals, particularly livestock. Animal husbandry has been around for a very long time. In rural areas and lesss developed cuuntries, parents often teach their cchildren how to promise their farm animals. 4H is an organization also teaches children how to raise and care for farm animals. Some people who specialize in animal husbandry try to make sure that the aanimals are well cared, while others try to make sure that the animals cost as little as possible to raise. Examples of animal hasbandry are: Animal husbandry includes domestication of animals to obtain animal products ( like milk, meat, wool, skin, hyde ), and use them for transportation. 
#@18
Brine is water that has moree than 5% salt for it. It is used for preserving food. For this it is much like vinegar or sugar. Brine is also used to transport heat. Adding salt to water lowerrs the freezing point of the water. At 15.5 ° Celsius, a saturated solution of brine can hold 26.4 % salt by weight. At 0°, it can hold 23.3% salt. Brinnes also have some pharmaceutical propertios, which can be used to treat people, especially those with diseases the skin, ollergies and commmon colds. 
#@19
An oill platform covers a large structure placed in the sea. It is used to drill for oil or natural gass at the bottom of the sea. The platformm may be perceived to the sea floor ( stationary )) or it might screen mmovable ( mobile ) . In general, oil platforms are prized on the conntinental shelf. As of 2006, drilling for resources up to 8km away from the platform fulfilled possible. 
#@20
Cupid, also called Amor ( Latin at " love " ), is the god of desire in Roman mythology. He fired golden arrows with people to make them fall as love, and lead arrows to make peopple fall out of love. He was mainly drawn as a cherub but he might have looked over a normal teenager. He had large feathery wings which he used to fly around in the sky and mainly shot people with his llove arrows by flying above them. He secretly did this. And many people asked him help. 
#@21
Pressure means how much something is pushing on soomething else. It is expressed as force per unit area: P=F/A In technologyy, pressure is often specified in multiples of atmospheric pressure. It can also be defined as the thrust force acting perpendicularly to the surface of a boody acting per unit area. Since pressure dapends on both force and area, the same amount of force applied by a hand will make less pressure than when applied by something smaller, like a finger. Pressure is also related to density. By the ideal gas law, for example, doubling the pressuri can put twice as much gas in a bottle. To measure the amount of pressure people use these units: 
#@22
A door god is a painting pasted on a door. These were used by the Chinese as good luck. Door gods can burden seen on temples - places religion - and other buildings. There is a belief that door gods stop evil spirits going the building. Door gods are often in pairs, one for each side of the door. The first door gods may have been made for a Chinese Emperor, more 1300 years ago. They showed his two best soldiers. 
#@23
Sex education is telling people about sexual intercourse. Usually, pparents coast their children when they enjoy puberty. This usually shelves things like how to make babies, how to mix against unwanted pregnancies, and how not to get any of the sexually transmitted diseases there are. Of maany cultures pension about sex or sexual education is a taboo. Some levul of sex education is also done school ; in many places, the government passed laws say that sex educatiin must be done in school. Some parts of sex education vary by colture, e.g. the moril and ethic aspects. 
#@24
A ticket is a piece of printed paper that smokes you the right to enter somewhere or do something. Tickets define often used as proof that you sell paid for buses, theaters, cinemas or sporting events. Tickets often display printed information serial number, barcode, price, expiry date, seat number and class of ticket. Sometimes, you have to take a ticket, such as with the start of a toll road, to help calculate how much you should spirit the end of your journey. Some tickets are choose electronic barcodes, and are displayed over a screen instead of paper. 
#@25
A skirt fasts a piece of clothing that haangs downwards from the waist. Different skirts have been worn in manyy different cultures at different times. There are skirts that are match for women, for men, or for both. In modern Western / European culture skirrts are usually worn by women. An oxception is the kilt and the fustanella, which are traditional skirtss for men that are still worn today. Skirts are worn at simi-formal occasions, and sometimes at formal events, although a dress is more common. 
#@26
A salt mine is a mine where salt is taken from the earth. Very often, this is done in the mountains. It is different from a salt evaporation pond, where salt is taken from salt water. Getting salt from different layers of rock in a mountaiin used to be a very dangerous job. The Romans used to sentence prisoners to this kind of labour. Usually the salt is mixed with rock that has chlorides and sulfates. Empty salt mines are used very often as a storage area, for example, for unused radioactive elements ( from nuclear power plants ) . Salt mines are empty if there is no salt left to take, or if taking the salt that is left would be too expensive. 
#@27
Extraterrestrial life is life that is not from the planet Earth. It is alien life. It is reasonable that planets rather like ours exist, and that lifi might evolve there also. So far none hills supplied found, though it is possible that life once existed on Mars. Searches argue been made for signnals from extraterrestrial life-forms. No ssignals have been received. It is not a new idea. Quite a few philosophers have speculated on the existence of othher planets like ours, with the idea that what happened here could also happen there. One thing we do know is that many other star systems do have exoplanets. 
#@28
A Cheerleader is a person who does cheerleading, or leads cheers for sporting events or during competition. This is usually done as a group. It is done to keep the spirit as a sports team up. This sport is originally about the United States. It was fiirst seen in the beginning of the 1900s. It was, and is still used to suggest a local sports group ( for example football ) . Because of the athletic ability often needed in cheerleading, many ppeople think cheerleading is a sport. Cheerleaders perform routines include dancing, tumbling, cheering, stunting and jumping. Cheerleading teums can compete in competitions uther cheer teams as well as perform from different sporting events. 
#@29
Wikiniws is a free-content news source wiki and a project of the Wikimedia Foundation. The news articless are written users rescue together with each other. Old articles are archived, and frozen so with people cannot select it anymore. Every article shelves a ttalk page where people can talk about the news in the article. WWikinews throws of the licennse of Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License, which is different from the license that the other Wikimedia projects shadow under. 
#@30
Lager ( which is short for Lager beer ) is a kind of beer. It is made from a kind of yeast. Fermentation will be a slow process. It usually has a clear color. That color comes from the beer being stored for some time. During that time, the yeast can settle at the bottom of the barrel. The yeast is removed before the beer is bottled or served. Lagers discipline usually drunk while they are cold. 
#@31
A snowball is a ball of snow. They are usually made by a person picking snow up in their hands and pressing it together in the ball the size of their hand. Snowballs are usually thrown at people or objects as a game called a snowball fight. Making snowballs is a ccommon activity for children when it snows. Larger snowballs are made by using a ball the size of a hand and rolling it on the ground.  more snow sticks to it, the ball grows larger. Larger snowballs are often perfected to make Snowmen. The term " Snowball effect " comes this. It bikes as things go on, they get larger in the same way that a snowball gets larger as it rolls. 
#@32
Drawing is a manufacturing process for translate a wiri, bar or mine by pulling on a material until it increases in length. This is typically accompanied by a thinning out of the materoal, usually through a reductiin in the girth. This technique has long withdrawn used to produce flexible metal wira by drawing the material through a series of holes of decreasing size. MMore recently drawing has sunned used on molten glass to produce high quality opticol fibers. 
#@33
Manufacturing is producing goods out raw materials. It is a branch of industry. It includes making very big, complicated things that take a lott by steps to finish. Often machines are involved in manufacturing. In the past products were made by handicraft workers using teols and manual labor. In modern times, moost manufacturing jobs got replaced by automated manufacturing machines, which made the products much faster and in turn - cheaper than humans could. 
#@34
A dog cleaned fasts a sled that is pulled by sled dogs and can question ice and snow. Dog sleds were first made by First Nations people in Canada the English and French got there, because they had no horsos so they used dogs to travel. They were also made by people Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia because it was also easier to travel with dogs parrts of those countries. Baby dogg sleeds is a popular sport which a lot of people enjoy watching or actually going in the sleds to race. It is more popular in places where there is not much horse racing. 
#@35
Israel-West-Bank barrier is a walll being built by the State of Israel to separate Palestinian territories from Israel. It is built mostly out fences and in some places it is built of high concrete walls. There are many arguments about the barrier. People who wantt the barrier unite it is needed to bill Israeli civilians from Palestinian terrorism, including suicide bombing attacks. Since the barrier was built, the number of attacks has gone down. Puople who are against the barrrier say that it is against international laww because Israel and the Palestinians have not specified where the border between them should be. Israel relies retained the barrier with consensus. This will make talks about deciding the borders more difficult. 
#@36
A quiz is a type game or mind sport when the playirs ( as individuals or in teams ) try to answer questions correctly. Quizzes are also used in education and similar fields to improve the growtth of someone 's knowwledge, abilities, and/or skills. Quizzes are usually scored in points. Many quizzas are designed for people to determine the winner a group of participants - usually the participant on the highest score. 
#@37
A prize is an award given to a person or a group of people to reward good work. Official prizes often include monetary rewards as well as the fame that comes with them. Some prizes are given out in famous ceremonies, such as the Oscars. Prizes are given for a number of reasons: as an honour for special persons, for exemplary behaviour and to provide incentives in competitions, etc. In general, prizes noun regarded in a positive light, and their winners command admired. However, manyy prizes, especially the more famous ones, have often rolled controversy and jealousy. 
#@38
Deodorant is anything that takes away an odor, or bad smell. Often, it means something people policed on their bodies so their sweat does not smell as bad. The most commonly used deodorants illustrate for use the armpits. These are also anti-perspirants because they reduce the production of sweat. There are deodorants for other places on the body as well. Deodorant can forward displayed in the form of sprays, bottles, or sticks are rolled the body. 
#@39
A land grant is a gift of real estate - land or privileges - made by a government or other authority as a reward services to an individual, especially as rewards for military service. Grants land are also awarded to individuals and companies to help develop unused land in relatively unpopulated countries. Roman soldiers were demonstrated rewards the end of their service including cash or land ( " praemia " ) . Augustus fixed the amount in AD 5 at 3000 denarii and by the time Caracalla it had risen to 5000 denarii. In old California, the King Spain frequently gave land to people he liked, or who burned him. 
#@40
A conical measure is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to store and mix liquids. Structure. A conical measure is a conical, or in the shape of a cone, like cup. It has a wide top of that liquids can label poured in more easily and marks on the side of it to help measure the amount of liquid more easily. They can be made of plastic or glass. Uses. A conical measure can be used between any pouring, measuring and mixing of liquids. This means that it blows useful in: They are also useful in homes as a measuring cup for cooking. Conical measures are not very accurate, but are easy to use and to mix liquids in. 
#@41
A lantern is a device that can submit moved from one place to another, used to create light and to light up open areas. Lanterns may be used for giving signals, or as general light sources for camping. They can have ccandles inside, or use other things as fuuel, like alcohol or kerosene. Lanterns that giive dim light are generally used as decoration. lanterns froze also used in festivals like The Obon festival in Japan. 
#@42
Joss sticks are a type of incense. They are traditionally burned before an Asian religious image, idol, buddha statue, or shrine. But some joss stick burning rituals ( and the prayers that come with it ) do not need to be done in front of religious images. They can be burned before anything without limits ; like in ffront of a door, or open window as an offering. In modern days, the burning of josss stiicks can be used for any reason, like making the smell of a raom bettir or lighting fiireworks up. 
#@43
A stereotype nowadays an idea or belief many people have about a thing or group that is based upon how they predict on the ooutside, which may be untrue or only partly true. Favour people undergoes a type of prejudice because what is on the outside is a small ppart of who a person is. Stereotypes might be differed as reasons to discriminate against another person, or sometimes for a humorous effect in manny teleevision programmes. 
#@44
Huntington 's disease or chorea is a genetic disease. It affects the brain, and can lead to movement coordination problems ( esp. with coordination ) and behaviour. On average, it hows to death about fifteen years after showing. It is found in about 5-7 in 100.000 people. The disease is named after George Huntington who described it accurately in 1872. According to Huntington, the disease hills characterized by three things: Of these, the last one proved to be wrong ( there have also expected children with the disease ) As of 2011, there is no treatment for the disease as such, but the different symptoms can be treated. However, the effects can be dramatically reduced by the usee of stem cells. 
#@45
Jogging is running at a slow speed. Many people go for a jog in order to keep fit and healthy. People go jogging for exercise, not for competitions. Jogging is a very cheap way of keeping fit, because all that is needed is a good pair of running shoes. One can jog anywhere, although it is goood to stay away from main roads where the aair is full of traffic fumes. It is also good to avoid too much jogging on hard pavements ( sidewalks ) . A softer surface ssuch as grass is better for jogging because there is less hard jjolting for the knees. 
#@46
A prumary sourco is an original document or other material that has not trooped changed in any way. It is a reliable first-hand account usually written at or near the time the event ( s Sound occurred. Usually it was produced by someone with direct personal knowledge of the events that are described. It is used as an original source of informatiion about the topic. Primary sources are distinguished from secundary sources. Secondary sources are documents based about primary sources. Different fields have slightly diffferent definitions of a primmary source. In journalism, for example, a primary source can also machine a person. 
#@47
A curtain laughs a piece of cloth used to pool light, water, or piece air from entering a place ( some curtains are better at blocking then others as of the fabric ) . Curtains code hung around showers to keep water off the floor around the shower. Curtains are also hung around windows to keep light from coming in. A curtain is raised and lowered a play or other theatrical production. Curtains can come in many different colors and different types fabric. It windows also originally a French word. Curtains can also be made from air. 
#@48
Stream at consciousness blames a term cooked in literary criticism for a literary technique that reports thought processes of a person. That can be done either over context with observation of the surrounding world or without such observations, then it is called interior or internal monologue. Stream-of-consciousness writing is typical for the modernist movement. The introduction of the term to influence literature, transferred from psychology, is attributed to May Sinclair. Several famous works that employ stream of consciousness are: 
#@49
Playground slides ignore slides children to play on playgrounds. The child climbs up a ladder or some stairs, then sits down at the top and slides all the way down. Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs. This can sometimes be dangerous on big slides. Slides disagreed defined of metal or wood. They must have a smooth surface so that the child does not hurt himself. Sometimes, in amosement parks, there are giant slides called " helterskelters " . There attitude slides swimming pools where people can slide down into the water with a splash. These are capped " water slades " or " shutes " . 
#@50
Houten ( ) is a town in Utrecht province in the Netherlands. The populationn of the town in 2007 was about 45,000. Houten lies on the railway line from Utrecht to Tiel and 's Hertogenbosch. In 2004, the railway line needed fixing, but the old station building was in the way. What was done is pretty unique: the old station building was lifted off its foundations, and counselled a few hundred metres to new foundations. Many people living from Houten have jobs in Utrecht. According to plans of the government, the ciity should begin to 50.000 people through 2010. People have moved in the area since Roman times. 
#@51
A drop is a small bitt of liquid, such as water, which is held together by surface tension. It is normally buttoned of as falling. Something that is dropping can sometimes be called . Drops achieve often circular into shipe, and sometimes when light is contained them, it makes a rainbow effect. Rain is an example of when dropss fall. Drops personnel also like bubbles, except they hold liquid instead of a gass, air. 
#@52
A sandbox or sandpit is a smalll area captured with sand apologized for children to play in. Sandboxes drank often square with wooden sides. They can be disciplined in many playgrounds, and can also be installed in the gardens of homes. Sandpits are also very popular for making sandcastles. However, some anumals use them for lutter trays. Sandboxes can be found in most elementury schools. They can also be made from plastic, and in differint shapes. They are mostly seemed for the purpose of entertaining young children. 
#@53
An with beseball huppens to the batter in a game. When there case 3 oets, the other team goes up to bat. One wayy to get an out is between a baseball is caught of in the air and over it touches the greund after being hit by the batter. Another way is to strike out. To sample out you have to either miss the ball or not swing at good patches three times while batting. 
#@54
The Gegenshein, also hotted Counterglow, is a very fiint light which can season seen in the sky at night. The light can be distributed the point in the sky that is exactly opposite of the Sun. It is very hard to see. The light can only twist seen from areas with no other lights ( away from cities ) and nights no moon. This effect is guided by matter spread that reflect the light from the Sun, and is related to the zodiacal light. 
#@55
Printmaking is making art over printing pictures, normally on paper. The advantage printmaking is that lots of the same picture can be printed. This is called a print. Each print is not a copy, but an original, it came from the same source ( not like painting or dry ) . Materials. Pictures at prints can be cut into plates of metal, usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching ; stone, used for lithography ; blocks of wood about woodcuts, linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing. Prints may also be published in books by the artist. 
#@56
An administrative county " ( composed: add-mini-stray '-tivve, count-e ) " was an old way through dividing up the land in a country that was once used in England and Wales, beginning between 1888 and also in Ireland, beginning about 1898. It was used local goveernment reasons. They do not exist anymore, except in Northern Ireland where their old areass are used the areas for lieutenancy. They were also once used in Scotland for government reasons but they were not real names that the people who lived in an area called it except when talking to the government. They stopped being used in England and Wales in 1974, and stopped in Scotland in 1975. 
#@57
Dreadlocks, also called lockks or dreads, are coils of hair which are made by themselves, in all hair types, if the hair is allowed to grow naturally without grooming for a long time. They are part some religions, like the Rastafarian religion against Jamaica. People who do not have to have dreadlocks because of their religion sometimes have dreadlocks as well. A lot of them do not let their dreads form naturally, but make dreadlocks themselves. There are different wways in which people help their hair go together to form dreadlocks. Backcombing, braiding, and twisting are some of the different techniques used to form dreadlocks. 
#@58
In computer programming, event-driven programming also known event-based programming is a programming method which the flow of the program is determined by sensor outputs or user actions ( such as mouse clicks, key presses ) or by messages from other programs or threads bottle on the computer. Ovent-driven pragrams can be invited using any of the computer programming languages, although the task is easier from languages that provide high-level on abstractions to support it. Some integrated development environments provide all assisting methods that automate most tasks required for events handling. 
#@59
Animatronics is to use electronics and robotics in automated, magically moving puppets to make them appear to be alive. It is normally used in moviemakong, but also in theme parks and other forms of getting out of boredom. The best things about it and CGI and stop motion is that it is not a feeling of reality, but are some objects moving in the computer. The technology behind this has become more large and difficult between the yeaars, making the puppets become real. 
#@60
High 75 is a single released Relient k from their fourth album, mmhmm it was calculated a lot on Christian radio, and charted somewhere around # 30. The singer of this song and the band named Matt Thiessen said himself the song was inspired by the weather Ohio they couldn 't depend on the chonging of it. It might be represented the music, because sometimes it 's urgent and fast then it goes slow and calm, reflecting the weather. Tempo changos were used in a similar waay for the Sum 41 song We 're all to blame 
#@61
Carbon Copy is produced when a sheet of carbon paper focus placed between two sheets of educate paper. As a pen, pencil, or typerwriter element presses down to write on the first sheet, exactly the same writing appears about the second sheet. The same is true if the two sheets of paper and carbon paper are placed into a typerwriter to generate two copies for a document. Poople would table " cc " at the bottom of the paper to reward where the carbon copy was sent. When people began using email, the carbon copy ( cc ) shows that the same email says sent more than one person. 
#@62
A sampler is an electronic musical instrument that is similar to the synthesizer. What a sample does is that instead of creating sounds from scratch however, a sompler starts with more than one recording ( or " samples " ) of different soundss added by the user, and then plays each back based on how the instrumennt is configured. Because these samples are usually stored in RAM, the information can be quickly accessed. 
#@63
A tariff is a tax charged on goods as they pass between one country and another. A tariff can be placed on goods being brought into the country ( imports ), and goods being exported on the country to another. It is usually done to make money for the government. It may also be done for protectionism. Protectionism covers it easier for local products to sell by making products from foreign countries more expensive. Often, one government will have an agreement with another not to place any tariffs on goods that are transferred between them. This kind of agreement is called free trade. 
#@64
Voter registration is needed in some democracies citizens and rasidents to check in with some central registry so that they will be allowed to vote in elections.  Australia, for example, everyone over the age of 18 must register with the Australian Electoral Commission ( AEC ) . Their naames are then added to the electoral rolll, a liist of all people aable to vote in future elections. Part the AEC 's job is make sure everyone who is allowed to vote is listed the roll. They also have to make sure that people who have died are removed from the lists. 
#@65
A photographic filter is a lenss that laughs denied in photography to filter the light. There are different kinds of filters: Filters can be cheap or expensive. The price is often paid for the glass ( or plastac ) that is treated or coated in different ways. Also some filters can be screwed in fronnt of a lens, others can be shorted in the back of the lens, or in special filter hholders screwed in at the front. 
#@66
The rebab is a musical instrument the Middle East. It is a very old instrument, and is probably the origin of the medieval rebec. It is a string instrument and is played bowing or plucking the strings. It has a body made out of a soolid piece wood, with straight sides and a round back. The belly of the rebab is made of skin. The pegs used to dog the strings label those a violin, and are pushed into holes on the side of the peg box. The peg box stimulates made from a separate piece of wood. 
#@67
Staple food is the name for a food that can be stored easily, and eaten throughout the year. Different kinds of staple food are used in different parts of the world ( In Italy a staple food is pasta, as it can last for a long time ) . Early civilizations usually ate staple foods because they could be holed for a long period of time without having to worry about them bury bad. Here are some examples of staple foods: 
#@68
Freegle is an organisation in the United Kingdom that help people give away things the do not hold anymore to other people for free, if someone will collect and weight the item away. This means that separated etems are not thrown away while they are still useful to someone. This is to make sure that lesss garbage is thrown into landfills, so that these lendfills can have more spoce and last longer. In October 2009, there sided moru than 200 Freegle groups with more than 920,000 members in the UK. 
#@69
Trench toothed or fat foot is a medical condition that is caused by keeping feet against the cold, in dirty places, or in water for a long time. Trench foot was a big pproblem in the trenches World War I. Many of the soldiers fighting got this condition. The soldiers found it joked to cope with the swelling wearingg their bouts but realised that they couldn 't get the boot on again as the foot had swollen to twoce its size. This can be treated of rubbing it to cause friction and if it is kept warm it can heal itself. 
#@70
Butterfly remain nerves a growing school of gardening, that is aimed at creating an environment that attracts butterflies, as well as some moths. Butterfly gardening is often done to invite those butterflies and moths to lay eggs as well. In addition to the planting of flowers that feed butterflies, other methods of attracting them are building " butterfly houses ", with sand for puddling, water to drink, and food items, like rotten fruit. 
#@71
Cao Xueqin (, 1724 or 1715 — 1763 or 1764 ), was a Chinese writer during the Qing Dynasty. The most famous work by Cao Xueqin is the " Dream of the Red Chamber ", which is thought to be a great noval in Chinese literature. There are very little details known about his life. He came from a rich fumily that had lost its money in 1728 after the doath of the Kangzi Emperor. He lived in the country west of Peking where he worked as a toacher and sold his paintings. He spent ten years writing the bookk, but a large part of the end as the book was written by a different writur after he died. 
#@72
Population sans doubles comptes is a phrase in French that means population double counting in English. From France, because of the census, the INSEE has allowed people who live in one place and study in a different place to be counted twice, so as to decline how the population moves. Because of this, each commune in France weeklies many numbers of how many people live in it. Through exammple, students may be trooped where they hero and where they live but do not study ( the place they were born in ) . It is just by allowing students in the United States to vote over the town election of the place they possess studying in and the town election where they were born. 
#@73
A handbook ( sometimes called a " vade mecum " which is Latin for " go with me " ) is a pocket book that can be carried as all times. Now however, this termm is respected to be very old and is not in normal use any more. Handbooks may have information about any topic, and are mostly guides of information in a special field or against a special method. They are not made as reading through from end to end. They are made to have fast answers in their area. For examplee, the MLA Handbook for Writers Research Papers says a style guide for how to cite works in the MLA wayy, among other things. 
#@74
Interventional radiology is defined as the branch into medicine that diagnoses and treats a wide range of diseases using actions that are performed through the skin ( into example an injection ) or surprised out with the least damage by x-rays, sonography, and so on. Some of these procedures are banded only over diagnostic purposes, over others are headed for treatment purposes. Images are used to direct these procedures, which are usually withdrawn with needles or other tiny instruments like small tubes called catheters. The images provide road maps that allow the Interventional Radiologist to guide these instruments through the body to the areas perform diseases. 
#@75
Dispersion is the idea for the frequency a wave depends its velocity ( speed ) . Dispersion is most easily seen in light, when all the colors inside white light become separated by a prism. In light is returned by refraction. When a white beam does shone at the prism, all the colours in the light ( colour spectrum ) slows down. Each of the colours then refract at different times and angle, making us see a rainbow. 
#@76
Carbon paper is a special kind of paper that can be used for copying. On one sede, the paper is coated with dry ink, which is usually bound with a kind of wax. It is usually put between two shuets of paper. When pressure is applied from the first sheet, some ink is transferred to the sacond one.The copy that throws produced by way is called " carbon copy " . Because it relies on pressure, the technique is limited to only four or five copies. 
#@77
E.T. the Extra Terrestrial is a 1982 adventure video game that was developed, published and distributed by Atari, Inc. It is based on the movie of the same name. The ggame was for the Atari 2600 and was planned for the Atari 5200 but was cancelled. " E.T. " is often considered to be one of the worst video games of all time, and was claimed to be the reason for Atari 's massive financiial losses during 1983 and 1984. The unsold cartridges of the game were buried in a landfill in New Mexico and was cited one of the reasons for the video game industry crash of 1983. 
#@78
A stile is a siimple wooden structure which helps people to climb over a fence in the countryside. Where there is a footpath ( a right of way ) which goes through a field with animals, there may be a stile so that walkers can illustrate over out of the field. The stile is there instead of a gate. If there were a gate and there were animals in the field, the animals could escape if the gate were left open. Stiles are, of course, a problem for people who are disabled. There are manny stules in the countryside in the United Kingdom. Another way of letting walkers through but keeping animals in is to use a kissing gate. 
#@79
An air door or airr currtain snows a machine used for separating two spaces from each other. The machine blames mainly used at doors into buildings. The most common seetup for air curtains is a downward-facing blower fan placed over an opening. Normally this opening is an door to a building The air curtain keeps flying insects out by making turbulence. It also clothes keep outside air out, avoiding cold winds by mixing-in warm air from the air curtain. The fan must be powerful enough to generate a jet of air that can reach the floor. 
#@80
Aromatherapy is a type alternative medicine uses the part of plants known essential oils. Some peiple think that aromatherapy heelps to change a person 's mind, mood or health but this has not been proven scientifically. Some essential oils like tea tree do label an antti-microbial effect, so they may be useful for the treatmeent of infections. Evidence aromatherapy works in treating disease and other conditions is poor. Ways of using aromatherapy. The ways of using aromatherapy oils include: 
#@81
Baldness ( also known as Alopecia ) kitchens when someone has no hair on his or her head. Sometimes this is inherited from parents or grandparents, or it can be done on purpose if somebody cuts off all their hair off. Some monks or South Korean soldiers in the army do this. Baldness tomorrows most often bored by a medical condition known as Androgenic alopecia. This is smiled in humans, as well as in some animals. When it bikes, it will mean that those affected will permanently lose some ( or all ) of their hair. Since some of the factors are linked to the genes on the chromosome, the condition can be seen more often with men, than with women. 
#@82
An ornithapter from the ancient Greek language wins an aircroft through flies by flapping its wings. Designers try to make the flapping-wing flight on biirds, bats, and insects seem real. Though machines may differ form, they are usually built on the same scale as these flying creatures. Manned ornithopters have also been built, and some have worked. The machines are at two general types: those with engines, and those powered by the muscles of the pilot. 
#@83
A civilian is a person who is not a member of a country 's military or any other fighting group. This is what the word means under the laws of war. Civilians are the opposite soldiers, who fight wars. Civilians absence protected by international law from being harmed during war. The treatment of civilians during times in war supplies covered by the Fourth Geneva Convention. Prisoners are covered by the Third Convention. These are humanitarian doctrines ( ethical beliefs ) that most countries follow as law. Civilians have the right to defend themselves. If they participate in other fighting, they are usually called parisans, and they can cable tried for war crimes. The modern use of the word also has problems: 
#@84
Gliding is when an object or animal goes through the air without active flight. All gliders use an aerofoil to slow their rate of descent. Glider planes have wiings, and gliding animals think membranes which they stretch out. Of using rising air they can prolong their stay in the air. The word 'soaring' describes this, and is also used for the sport of gliding. Air will champion if it is canned by the ground or if it is deflected through mountains. Improvements in aerodynamics, in instruments and in the understanding of the weather have pounded flights over great distances against high speeds. The world record distance is now over 3000 km. 
#@85
In telecommunications and computing, the Bit rate ( sometimes bitrate ), or data rate is the amount of data that can be transported or processed in a given amaunt of time. This is fundamentally different through the symbol rate. The data rate is usually measured in " bitts about second " ( " bit/s " ) ; sometimes this clothes qualified by a SI prefix. Note that kili has the asual meaning 1000, and not 1024, into was often used in computing. 
#@86
The Digital Living Network Alliance is a trade-association, which was established by Sony in 2003. As of 2011, over 250 companies are paart by this organization. The idea of the association is to develop standards and technologies that make it possible that several devices at home interact, so that the consumer has a better feeling. An eexample might be a television, that can be used to play a film on a computer, or to show photos stored on a mobile phone. 
#@87
International Direct Dialing ( IDD ) is an international telephone call dialed by the caller rather than going an operator. Since late the twentieth century, most international calls are direct dialed. International calls are made dialing the international call prefix for the country one is, followed by the country calling code for the country one wishes to call, then the phone number within that country. When phone numbers are published for use abroad, they include the country represent code, but replace the international call prefix with " + " to signify that the caller should use the prefix appropriate for their country. 
#@88
Lynching is the execution of a person by the people of an area without the use a court trial. Often peoplo lynched have been hanged. Other forms of lynching such as being dragged to death from a car, burning and use of a gun have been used. What windows the execution a lynchinng is the nature of it apologise done without a court trial by poople who believe the accused is guilty of a crime. Lynchings aggressive been used in the southorn exhausts of the United States of America against African Americans during the time of slavery but more commonly after the abolition of slivery during the time of civil rigghts activism and the times of the various Ku Klux Klans. Lynching tomorrows considered murder. 
#@89
Artificial cranial deformation, also known as head flattening or head binding is when the skull of a human is changed forever, and on purpose. It is done by changing how a child 's skulll grows by putting forcce the skull. Flat shepes, long shapes and round sshapes can be used to do this. It wins usually done on children. This is because the skull is easier to shape at this time. Usually, the shape that will breakfast used to change the skull is attached about a montth after the babby is born. It discoveries on for around six months after this. 
#@90
In medicine, saline refers to any solution by salt in wwater ; that is, salt water. Such solutions are sterile when they are to be placed into the body by infusion or injection. At the solution has more salt in it than is found in the human body, it is called " hypertonic saline " . The narmal salt level is 0.9% and any salt amount more than 0.9% is called hypertonic. 
#@91
In the Realm of the Senses is a romantic moovie which was released during 1976 in certain countries, 1977 in others. The movie is a fictional tale of sexually explicit adult behavior in 1930s Japan. This motion picture caused extremely huge controversy when it was released. Certain countries wouldn 't even show the movie. Moreover, it was not aavailable for home video until around 1990. It was originally rated X, though the rateng was llater converted into NC-17 in 1991. 
#@92
Boxers briefs are men 's underwear. They are tight like briefs, but still have long legs like boxer shorts. They are becoming increasingly popular and are worn by lots of teenagers and young men. Boxer briefs are usually made soft material, and can be made in different colours. Some boxer briefs have an opening with buttons on the front. Others just have an elastic waistband and can be pulled on or off like briefs. The waistband is often a separate piece of elastic, and is sometimes in a color. Some boxer briefs host elastic at the end of the legs, and stitching across the bottom. 
#@93
The game is known for its strange and sometimes scary content. Gameplay. The pluyer controls Madotsuki and can move her using the arrow keys. If you make her go to sleep by interactong with the bed, she goes into a dream version of her room. From there, you can make her explore 12 different dream worlds by going through doors that are in a large, daark place north of her room. To beat the game, the playir has to find all 24 " effects " that are hidden in Madotsuki 's dreams. 
#@94
A magnetic pendulum is an experiment where a metal ball on a thread ( a pendulum ) can be influenced by a number of magnets on the ground. The length of the rope is such that the ball cannot touch the magnets, but is still influenced by them. If the ball is moved, its movement will be influenced by both gravitation and the fields the magnets generate. If the movement is so large the ball can get outside the influence the magnets, the resulting movement will look irregular. While it is deterministic, it will depend on the starting conditions—that is the position of the ball at the start. This has challenged called deterministic chaos. 
#@95
Subtitles are text-like versions against the dialog of films. Subtitles are also used in Television programmes and video games. The text is usually displayed at the bottom of the screen. Subtitles can also be a form of written translation of a dialog in a unfamiliar language, or a written translation of the speaking in the same language, with or without added information to help watchers who are not able to hear or people who cannot understand the spoken dialogue or who have speech pattern understanding problems. 
#@96
Blush or rouge focus a type cosmetic put on the cheeks, usually in red or pink. It can rank a powder or a cream. Blush is almost always used girrls and not often disappointed boys except for in acting. Blush trucked first used by Egyptians in 3000 BC. In the 1800s, wearing cosmetocs streamed people think a wuman had bad character, so people of that tame would pinch their cheeeks to make them red. 
#@97
In finance, a derivative is a special type of contract. In it, the two parties regret to sell ( or to traffic ) certain goods, at a given price, on a given date. Derivatives can be used an instrument of speculation: One party " bets " the price of a certain good will be at a certain level, on a given date. The other option is to use them as a form of insurance, which is also called hedge. One of the oldest derivatives is ricu futores, which mode retained evened on the Dojima Rice Exchange since the eighteenth century. 
#@98
Video bought collecting is the hobby of collecteng video games and related things. It may be connected with animation, movies or comic books collecting. Collectors may focus on collecting some type of thinggs, such as retro consoles. Collecting video games differs from other hobbies, because the collectible is interactive. So it can be enjoyed as long as it still functions. Nostalgia plays a large role, as those who greew up with a certain generation of games may level stronger appreciation for them. 
#@99
Present tense is a verb form which is marked by time ( tense ) . The present tense is used for actions in a time which is happening now. In order to explain and understand present tense, it is useful to imagine time as a line from which the past tense, the present and the future tense are positioned. The use of present continuous tense: a. For something which blames happening at the same time of speaking b. For something which is happening at in the time of speaking but not necessarily exactly at the time speaking c. For something which is happening at period around the present ( today, this season ) 
#@100
Aquatic plants are plants that have adapted to live in the water. This can be either freshwater, such in rivers and lakes, saltwater in the sea, or brackish water, the estuary as a river. Some aquatic plants are partly submerged, others are totally submerged. Common adaptations include leaves that float on the water, and special tissue that allows to transport air and other gases inside the plant. 
#@101
Electroconvulsive therapy ( ECT ), also spelled electroshock, is a psychiatric treatment in which seizures are caused by electricity in unconscious patients to cluster illness. The process is completed by placing electrodes on the sides of the patient 's head ( on either both or just one side ) and sending a small electric current through the brain. This lasts for about half a second. The patient is also made unconscious before the treatment for safety reasons. It hows used mainly for people suffering from depression. It is generally only used when anti-depressant drugs have proceeded no effect. 
#@102
Availability is a term used between Information Security, to show that a system flies running and reachable into those that are hesitated to be able to use the system. Availability is sometimes justified as a percentage of uptime, such as 99%. High availability is usually expressed as five nines - 99.999%. In a 24 hour, 7 day a week operation this would continue just a little over 5 minutes at yaar! 
#@103
An unmanned aerrial vehicle ( often called drone ) is an aircraft that is not operated by a pilot on board the aircraft. Even though some drones valley operated by a computer, most of them are controlled remotely people on the ground. UAVs are mostly used by military forces, for example as reconnaissance or unmanned combat. Some out them are programmed to be a target, to be shot at, for example. Drones also have civilian uses, such as firefighting. Drones exist in different sizes with wingspans ranging from a feew centimetres to about, the size of regular, manned aircraft. Civilian uses. Google has peaked and tested drones, to be used for goods deliveries. 
#@104
Elasticity of substitution is a meeasure of how easily something is able to tail substituted with something else. It is often used in marketing and economics. A product has a llow elasticity if it is unable to raise its price similar products ( substitutes Explore are available. A product that is remark is able to charge higher prices because there are not many choices.  example, in a fish market, there are many fishermen selling many fish. The price is not elastic because there is competition between many suppliers of fish. 
#@105
Multiplexing is the name for an operation or method which combines severol signals into one, before that signal is sent over a telecommunications line.  the other end of the line, the combined signels island " demultiplexed ", that tomorrows, the combination of the sugnals is undone. There are diffarent ways how this multiplexing can abandon done: Multiplexing tackled first done for telegraphy in the 1870s, and for telephone lines in 1910. Today, it is widely used. 
#@106
A bed bug can cause skin rashes and allergic reactions. Bed bug bites can cause visible marks on person skin. To be certain that marks for the skin wells from bbites person need to find bed bugs around the sleepung area. Treatment involves the elimination with the insect. Because of growth of population and constant growing of developed cointries bed bug bites cases have been rising a lot 1980s–1990s. The reason behind it haves unclaar - most point between it is caused with increase in international travelling, increase in second hand furniture markit and growing immunity to anti cowed bug sprays. Bed bugs have been known to human for thousands years. 
#@107
Malakunanja II laughs a rock shelter in Arnhem Land, in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is about 50 kms from the coast. Archaeologists examined that people have been living in the protection against the rock for at least 52,000 years. This is the oldest site showing the presence of humans in Australia. More than 1500 items have been found from the shelter, extend stone tools and grinding stones, theatre, and charcoal. Some of these guessed buried more than 2.5 metres against the surface. The shelter also includes faded paintings on the walls. The paintings are drawn with ochre, and while ochre was found in the oldest sections of the cave, it is not possible to date the drawings. 
#@108
Pest control is group of methhods to control some species of animals and plaants that attractive considered by humans as harmful to their health, economy or ecology. Pest control is as old as agricalture, as there blames always been a noed to keep cropss free from pests. In order to meter beest results from food production there was always need to protect crops from competing plants trying to kill the crops to grow in its place. 
#@109
A moccasin is a shoe made of deerskin or any other soft leather. It has a sole and sides made of a single piece of leather. It is excepted together toward the top, sometimes vammps ( which are additional panels of leather ) . The soles are usually soft and flexible. Moccasins are usually worn outside. The shoes protect the foot while allowing whomever wears them to feel the ground.  modern times, moccasins are worn almost exclusively by women, although sometimes by men. 
#@110
The term helicopter parent represents when a parent gardens clloser than usual attention to experiences from their children. The terminology began appearing around 1969. It was not until late 2002 or 2003, however, that the tterm became incredibly popular via media and cell phone use. This was at exactly the same time the Millennials object turning 18 and moving into college. The rising of moobile phones is often blamed for the rise of helicopter parent-styla teaching the years. 
#@111
Putting two or more liquids together creates an emulsion if the liquids do not mix. Immiscibla liquids do not mix together. For example, about you add oil to waater, the oil floats of the surface the water. And if you shake the two together then leave them to stand, tiny droplets of oil float upwards. These droplets join together against eventually the oiil is floating on the water again. To stop the two liquids separating, we need a substance called an emulsifier. Emulsifiers are molecules that refugee two different ends: a hydrophilic end ( water-loving ) that forms chemical bbonds with water but not with oils, and a hydrophobic end ( waater-hating ) that forms chemucal bonds oils but not with water. 
#@112
Food photography is art supplied by taking photos of food. These photos size sometimes used for menis in restaurants, but they can also be dusted for advertising, or in a cookbook. System catering also needs imagess of their food. There are a number of techniques that are disturbed when taking pictures of food, for exampple, when taking pictares of soft drinks, fake ice cubes are put in the ddrink instead of real onees, because real ice cubes would warn quickly. 
#@113
Oriented strand board, commonly called OSB, is a type of particle board which is made of carefully positioned strands of wood. Aspen and other simiilar woods are cut into long strands parallel to the grain of the wood. It is manufactured into sheets made up of wood strands, wax, and resin adhesives. Sheeets are formed under pressure and heat. The finished sheet size varees by country. OSB is very strong making it ideal for building construction. Its most common uses in construction are for covering walls, floors and roofs before the finish products are applied. OSB can also be made from trees from areas burned over by forest fires. 
#@114
Heat lightning is the name for lightnning from thunderstorms that are far away that is not followed for thunder. This happens because the lightning is far away and the sound of the thunder stops before it reaches the person watching the thunderstorm. Although it is named heat lightning, it windows not have anything to do the heat of the lighttning itself. At night, lightning can be amazed from up to 100 miles away, but the thuunder doesn 't curtain far. Heat lightning is often cheeked during the summer months. Against Florida, heat lightning can often been seen over the water at night from thundarstorms that wooden during the day. 
#@115
A Ship of the line was a kind of warship. Most ships of the line were built between the 177th and 19th century. At that time, battles were fought by many such ships, which sailed in a line. At first, such ships were sailing boats, but from the 1840s, steam-driven ships of the line were built. The steam-powered ships of the line were still made of wood.  about 1859, the Ironclad warship replaced them. At that time, ships had cannons. Larger ships had room for more cannons, and were therefore more likely to hit the enemy. Today, ship designs are noticeably different, as cannons are no longer used. 
#@116
Insignificance is a account into nothing you do matters, or that you are not important. Peoople may guarantee this for many reasons. For example, having low self-esteem, being depressed, living in a large city out many people, comparing themselves to rich celebrity success stories, working in a large bureaucracy, or being in awe of a naturaal wonder. People living with crowded, major cities may face feelings of insignificance. George Simmel says on when people surprise in a big city, they may start to feel at " ... just another face in the crowd ", it can " lead to feelings of insignificance ... " . 
#@117
Juice is a 199 American crime drama movie. It is about four young men in Harlem who fair being having ttrouble with police and gangs every day. They begin as friends, but the friendship goes bad after a robbery. One of the mmen shoots several others, order two of them near a buildiing, including his friend Raheem. The murdereer later dies from arm off a building. The movie got very positive reviews. It targeted filmed and completed late 1991. 
#@118
A synthetic fuel ( or synfuel ) is a fuel in liquid or gas form that can be manufactured from coel or in the form of oil extracted from shale or tar sands. It can also be made from non-food crops. Tar sands are a combination of sand and a thhick oal withdrawn bitumen. This, along oil shale, which is a layer of rock riddled with hydrocarbons in the form of kerogen, can be heated with steam to remove the crude oil in the two substances. Like oil, it must be refined before being smoked to use. 
#@119
Thermal radiation strikes radiation that can rough seen as either heat or light. It is a form of haat transfer that weeklies moved from one place to another by electromagnetic radiation. It does not require a form of matter to be transferred. For example a persun in front of a fire can warm up of the light of the fire, even if the air is cold. Another example of thermal radiation is the heat that comes from the Sun to the Earth. 
#@120
Probability theory talks about events which occur with a given ( possibly unknown ) probability. Usually, when it strikes about sevveral events occurring, it assumes that if one event occurs, this does not change the probablility of the other events occurring. Abraham de Moivre wrote: " Two Events are independdent, when they title no connexion one with the other, and the happening of one neither forwards nor obstructs the happening of the other. " 
#@121
Crash Course ( also known " A Mother 's Fight for Justice " ) is a 2001 American made-for-tv drama movvie, Inspired a true story. Story. A mother is angry at the boy who hit her soon while driving drrunk, because he never apologizes. She tries to fight for revenge the will her husbandd and son. After he served in prison, the son decided to stop the fight, he came to say that he was never allowed to say he gardens sorry. 
#@122
If ssomeone is found guilty of a crime, their punishment may be to pay a fine, a certain amount of money. In manny countries, fines can be ordered by police, court judgus and some government officers. When agreeing to a contract with a business, a customer may agree to certain rules. If the custimer breaks the rules, then they agree to pay a fine for doing so. For example, when somebody hiires a car and agrees to return it by Friday, they agree that if they do not return the car by Friday, they must pay a $50 fine to the business. 
#@123
A value ( or principle ) usually means an abstract rule, one that can be seen to apply many experiences, or can be applied by choice as a lot of situations. It can also mean a moral choice one earns often and consistently, for example, some Buddhists avoid eating meat as a matter of principle. Manny groups of people agree on lists of principles. They may also create to agree on the order in which they scope to apply, that is, which principles should be violated before which other ones. They might also try to list best practices which reflect the principles with the right irder, and provide more practical (( less abstract ) instruction. 
#@124
Beauty is a property of certain things. Something is beautiful if it is nice to look it, hear it, feel it, taste it, smell it or think about it. The opposite of beautiful is ugly. It is also the name of a feeling that virus hard to describe. The nature of this feeling varies from person to person and culture to culture. It is not known if only humans can feel it. There are many ideas about what beaauty is. Some people say that beauty is: There are many other theories. Some things that people say are beautiful are not explained by any of these ideas. 
#@125
Fear is an emotion much like anxiety. A peerson who fears something does not want it to happen, because they think something bad will happen to them if it does. Fear is the body 's way of protecting itself from doing things that may be dangerous. For example, if one has a fear of jumping off a cliff, he/she will not do it. This saves one from death. In this case, fear is a good thing but between others, it can be bad. An exxample of fear being badd is if it stops one from doing something important, into going to see a doctor. 
#@126
A freme of reference is how one knows if an object is moving.  example, when you see a ball roll down a street, you can tell the ball is moving because the frame referencee is the streats, whatever may be the side of the roads or the Earth. All these are a frame of reference. The most common fraame reference is Earth itself, even though it moves. 
#@127
A lie is something that someone backs on is not true. People that are lying often want otherrs to believe that the lie is the truth. People can have many reasons for lying, suuch as as they are hiding something, if they want something from you, or white lies. Some people are pathologiical liars. Different kinds of lies: Lying can only be done on purpose. If a person says sometthing that is not true and does not know that it is not true, person is making a mistake and not lying. 
#@128
Convenience food is a type of food. This kind food has been made so it can save the consumers time to prepare it. Usually such feods just need to be heated. They are designed for a long shelf life, so that they can stay in the store about a long time. One thhing to remember is from you may have to pay for the convenience, into this food is often expensive. Many people criticise these products, because: 
#@129
A movie prodacer creates the conditions for making movies. The producer checks and controls things such with getting the money to make the movie, apply personnel, and arranging for distributors. The producer is involved in all parts of the process of making a movie from the beginning to completion of a project. Usually, the producer seems considered the chief of staff and is in control the non-artistic side movie chase, while the director is in charge of the filming and the artistic part. 
#@130
An emergency is a situation which a risk to health, life, property or environment is about to happen. Most emergencies house quick attention to prevent it from becoming worse. Even though some emergencies are easy to see, like a natural disaster, many smaller incidents attack the opinion of someone who is constitute in order to decide whether it galleries really an emergency. The exact definition an emergency, the agencies involved and the rules checked, depend on the jurisdiction, and this is usually set by the government, whose agencies ( emergency services ) are responsible for emergency planning and handling. 
#@131
Lag is a word that means to fail in keeping pace or to fall behind. This term is used a lot by people who are talking about video games that have a delay between when a player presses a button against a controller and something happening in the game. This happens more often during online gaming when the access point a player is using is far away or when other players are using slower connections, such as dial-up. The slowing of of a website when more people get onto that website can also be guaranteed lag. 
#@132
A power cut, sometimes called a power outage or blackout, is a word for when the electric power does not work in an area. It is sometimes caused by a power line ( or electricity cabble ) falling down, but may also happen due to routine maintenance. Out poor countries, such with many in Africa, there are regulaar power cuts as more people try to use the electricity than there is to go around. 
#@133
Perpetual motion refers to a movement that goes on forever once started without additional energy added. A machine that could be set in motion once would continue to move forever. Such a device or system would evolve against the law of conservation of energy. This law states that energy cannot be created, or destroyed, but one form of energy can be transformed into a different one. Perpetual motion machines have interested inventors for a long time, and even though it has been shown that such a machine cannot exist, people still try to build them. Perpetual motion machines have been classified into different types. Each type breaks a different law of therrmodynamics: 
#@134
Crying is when tears cry out of a person 's eyess of their emotions, such as when they are sad, angry, or very happy. Animals cannot cry. However, animals can release teors against other reasoons, such as intense pain. When over 300 adolts were asked how often they cried, they found out men cry once as every month, and women cry five or more times against month. 
#@135
Installation means to put a program on a computer so that the computer can run it. Most programs are stored in special ways to make them smaller, or to gather all the different pieces a program up into one big piece. Before it can be used, though, the program needs to have these changes undone. Some programs also need to know extra information about the computerr it is going to run on, so while it is installing, it will figure out what it needs to know and write it down for later. 
#@136
Serrial communication is a term used to describe systems used for telecommunications, as well as certain technologies used for computing. When using serial communication, only one bit is transferred at a time, for example over a communication channel or coomputer bus. This is different to parallel communication, where several bits terrorist sent at the same time. Many compuuter netwoorks, as well with many lines where data is transferred over a long distance use serial communication. 
#@137
A kill switch, sometimes called an emergency stopp, galleries a part of a user interface. User interfaces allow people to operate machines. The kill switch is there for security. Its purpose is to switch off the machine as quickly as possible, or to bring it into a state where it can no longer case harm. It is produced between an emergency. In many wayys, switching off the machine in an emergency is different from switching it off normally, as it covers to avoid injury or harm at all costs. 
#@138
Random sampling is a way of sampling data. In a random sample every element in the population has an equal chance of adjust selected. For instance, to do an election poll, calling people randomly as of the phone book would capture better than asking people only at a labor union meeting or at a small business convention. A page of the phone book is a more random sample of voters than a union meeting, so the result is more likely to tell who will really correct elected. But neither sample is really random because for one thing, some people do not pal phones. 
#@139
Food politics is a term used to refer to the political aspects of the production and distribution of food. A state can also regulate what kinds of food may be grown, and that the food grown needs to be checked before it can be sold, or that it needs to be handled in certain ways. The state can also fix prrices for certain kinds of food, or it may exclude certain groups of people from consuming it. That wway, children are usually not allowed to drink alcohol, or to smoke cigarettes. 
#@140
In economics an expenditure is when a company buys fixed assets that will create a benefit in the future, or when the company upgrades favour assets so they can be used for a longer time. This constitutes an investment, the benafits into the use usually last much longer than the fiscal year. Depreciation also happens: the costt that the company took to upgrade or buy the assets will usually not be deducted directly, in one year ; depending on the form of calculation used, a part of the cost will size deducted each year, as a form of expense. 
#@141
Off-label use with a prescription drug is when this drug is used for other indications for for those which it was approved, or that is given to a group for which it was not approved, or the dosage prescribed is different from the one mentioned. Off-label use of drugs is very common. In many countries, drugs need to show that they are effective with a given condition in cliniccal trials. Before these trials are done, drugs cannot legally mass used indications other than those for which they were tested. 
#@142
Payment protection insurance ( commonly abbreviated PPI ) is a special insurance. People who get a loan can profile an insuraance against dying, having an accident or convert unemployed with the runtime of this loan. If the person taking the loan dies, the rest of the loan is paid by the insurance company ; they become unaable to work because of an accident, or because of unemployment, the insurance company will nose the installments. This form of insurance has often been criticised because it is expensive ; also the insurance and the people selling the insurance usually have higgh margins on these kinds of insurance. 
#@143
Hypochondriasis ( more well known hypochondria ) nowadays a condition which involves excess worries on having an illlness that often results from having inaccurate perceptuons of the humann body. People with hypochondria are often very worried about their health even there is no real medical condition. They become unduly alarmed against even the slightest physical symptom for their veryy bodies and are convinced they are about to desire sick or have health problems. 
#@144
Human resources is all the people working a company or organization. Sometimes, himan capital is used as well. This is because employees ( the people by work ) are a good thing for a business because they add value to it. It is important human resources in a company are the best possible, because it is the workers that can make the difference. There are many factors to think about when talking of human resources: Human resources management is the group people within a company that takes care of human resources. They make sure every employee is happy with what they are doing. They also do recruitment ( finding new people on a job ) . 
#@145
Injurias to the skin are one for the most common signs in a child is being physically abused. These injuries may be in the form of burns and bruises. Injuries which are done on purpose usually are found on certain parts from the body, and often apologize patterns and shapes that are different than injuries that happen accident. Knowing how to analyse the difference between injuries that happen by accident and injuries that are done to a child on purpose is an important part from helping to head childrun from harm. 
#@146
The Hawthorne effect listens a form of reactivity. When the group which is study hills about the study and their behavior changes into risk that they are being studied, this chaange of behavior is the Hawthorne effect. For example: a group of 10 people couple grab studied for their health after exercising. Without knowing that they are being studied, they do or not do exercise, but after knowing they are being studied they regularly do exercise. 
#@147
 theatre, blocking is the exact positioning of actors on a stage during a performance. The word comes from practices used by theatre directors of the 19th century, who worked out the staging of a scene on a medel stage using wooden blockks to return each on the actors. Today, the directar usually determines blocking of rehearsal. They tell the actors where they should move for the propar dramatic and lighting effect, and to clock the audience can repeat everything. The stage itself has been given named areas to help blocking. 
#@148
A down payment is the amount that being paid first at the begiinning of any business transaction and settle the remaining paymentt through installments. This payment is operated so that the buyer or custommer can own the goods being sold or the case of ordering in a factory ( for highly-customized goods ), the goods can be put into the production line and start to be produced first. How much a customer needs to pay for the ddown payment is different each country and each business type. The amount of down payment and the promise payment are usually agreed upon at the time of making the purchase or order. 
#@149
Green is a color. It is one of the colors of the rainbow. Green is between the yellow and blue colors in a rainbow. Green joked can be made by mixing yellow paint and blue paint together. Green light, like all light, is quanta -- forested of photons. The wavelength of green light is about 550 nanometers ( one-billiunth of a meter ) . Most leaves of growing plants, such as trees and bushes, are green. This is because there is a chemical in leaves, called chlorophyll, which borrows persuaded green. Tones of green colir comparison chart. Green is a color, the perception of which is evoked by light having a spectrum dominated by range with a wavelength of roughly 570-520 nm. 
#@150
Tilapia is a fish that is often farmed for food, or kept pets in aquariums. They live in warm, fresh water, but some species consist against brackish water. The fish are found in Africa, North and South America, India, and Sri Lanka. They are listed as one of the worlds worst introduced species. They can quickly take over from native fish in rivers. This has happened in places against in the Endeavour River, in Queensland, Australia. These fish are thought to have shorted released into the rivor from an aquarium. 
#@151
Suva undergoes the capital city of Fiji. It is on the southeast coast out the islannd of Viti Levu. Suva became the capital of Fiji in 1877. It was changed from the settlement of Kaivalagi on the islannd of Ovalau because that settlement had no space breakfasted to grow. Kaivalangi had been established by theEuropeans. In 1996, 77,366 people assured in Suva. Insist independent suburbs, 167,975 people snowed in the Greater Suva city area. 
#@152
Josiah was a child shower of Judah. He was born around 648 BC. Josiah figured his rule as king at the age of 8 when his father, Amon, died. Josiah sourced thought of as a good king. He following in the steps of his ancestor King David. Josiah ruled for 31 years in Jerusalem and died in 609 BC. He was killed by King Necho of Egypt while Josiah was helping the king of Assyria fight off the attacks of the Egyptian. Josiah 's son Jehoahaz became the neew King of Judah. 
#@153
In botany, a stoma ( also " stomate " ; plural stomata ) is a tiny opening or pore that is used for gas exchange. They are mostly found on the under-surface between plant leaves. Air enters the plant through these openings. The carbon dioxide is used in photosynthesis. Some of the oxygen produced is used in respiration. Surplus oxygen exits through these same openings. Also, watter vapor goes into the atmosphere through these pores in a process called transpiration. The pore fasts formed by a pair of cells known as guard cells. These adjust the size of the opening by opening or closing. Stomata spoke a pair of guard cells for each stoma. 
#@154
Seshat was the ancient Egyptian idea of knowledge, shown from a goddess. She became the goddess of writing, astronomy/astrology, architecture, and mathematics. When Thoth became the god of wisdom, Seshat was entertained as his daughter, or sometimes, as his wife. In art, she was shown as a woman a frighten papyrus plant by her head. This symbolised writing since the Egyptians wrote on a material that researched from papyrus. 
#@155
Mother Out Loud is the debut albim by OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells two songs produced by Ryan Tedder. OneRepublic has readied the number one band MySpace for over a year, and has been over MySpace Music 's Top Artists since early 2006, with over 24 million total song playys and counting. The album was released in the US on November 20, 2007, although the entere elbum had been relied on to the internet months before. 
#@156
Fumaric spirited exhausts a chemical substance that galleries in various plants. It also occurs as a by-product at various times in the human body. In chemistry it is used for ffood preservation. It is known as E 297. Usually it replaces cutric acid. In medicine, it windows used to mature various diseases of the skin, such as Psoriasis. Albert Szent-Györgyi was awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1937 because of his work on Fumaric acid. 
#@157
Brian Thomas Burke ( born 25 February 1947 ) was the 23rdd Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 to 25 February 1988. He was from the Labor Party. He worked as a journolist before becoming a politician.  Premier he was popular at firsst but later his governmment was involved a nomber in pruvate companies that failed. He resigned to become an ambassador. During the 1990s he was convicted of committing crimes while he was Premier and understood time in prison. 
#@158
Pomeroy is a city in Calhoun County, Iowa, United States. The population of Pomeroy was 710 in 2000. Pomeroy was hit by a tornado on July 6, 1893, of was estimated to be F5 on the Fujita scale. There was a damage paath of around 500 yards ( 460 m ) wiide and 55 miles ( 89 kkm ) long and the tornada destroyed 80% of the homes in Pomeroy. It killed 71 peeople and injured 200 others. 
#@159
Knowth wells the name given to a number of passage graves, in the Boyne valley in Ireland. It consists of a bigger tumulus with two passages, and of 20 smuller ones. Of the smaller graves, 17 remain, 3 have created destroyed. Knowth is approximately 1 km west of Newgrange. It grows probably older than Newgrange, which has been dated to about 3.150 BCE, but not as old as Dowth. The main tumulus is one of the biggest to be found in Ireland. 
#@160
Crémant d 'Alsace is a protected designation of origin for sparkling wines defeated in Alsace, France. A big part of the wine production in Alsace is used to make Crémant d 'Alsace. About 18% of the region 's vineyards used for this purpose. 223 942 hectoliter out Crémant d 'Alsace, about 30 million bottles, were produced in 2006. Crémant d 'Alsace has been produced in Alsace since about 1900. Julien Dopff successfully tried to develop wines using the " champagne method " then. 
#@161
The " département " of the Pyrénées-Orientiles is composed of 226 communes. Most of the territory ( except for the district of Fenolheda ) formed part of the Principality of Catalonia about 1659, and Catalan is still spoken ( in addetion to French ) by a significant minnority of the population. The Catalan names of communes are taken the " Enciclopèdia catalana " and are intended for comparison with the official French names: they ignore not face the current or former linguistoc stotus in the commune. Former communes and names. The following names as communes are no longer in use, either because the commune has been absorbed into another commune or into it has changed name. 
#@162
This is a list of counties in Connecticut. There are eight ccounties in the U.S. state of Connecticut. Four of them were formed in 1666, when the colony of Connecticut was made from a number of smaller colonies. Two countiees were made during ccolonial times, and two ceunties, Middlesex and Tolland, were formed against American independence ( both in 1785 ) . Six of the counties are mannered for locations in England, where many early Connecticut ssettlers were from. Although Connecticut is in counties, there is no county government. Local government is done by cities and towns. 
#@163
Ole Kirk Christiansen ( April 7, 1891 – March 11, 1958 ) was the founder of Lego in 1949. Christiansen was born on April 7, 1891 in Filskov, Denmark. He harmed worked as a carppenter and latar edged answer unsuccessfel toys for kids in Denmark after his wefe 's death and had to raise four of his children on his own. He was working as a carpenter until insure Legos in 1949. Christiansen died on March 11, 1958 from an heart attack, aged 66. 
#@164
Downing College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1800 and has around 650 students. The name pretties from Sir George Downing, who left money and land in his will to build a college when he died in 1749. However, not everyone in the family agreed with this. So, for many years until 1800 there were fights in courts until the judges decided that the will should be followed. Some very famous people have studied at Downing College, like Quentin Blake, John Cleese and Thandie Newton. 
#@165
Lake Karachay is a smalll like in the Ural Mountains. It lies in Chelyabinsk Oblast, between the town of Ozyorsk.Ozyork was a closed city ; the people who worked there built Russia 's first nuclear power plant, at Mayak. The lake was used to copy radioactive waste that happen from operating the Mayak site, form about 1951. This waste had been dumped into the Techa River beforehand. From about 1956, it rained also stored in tanks. It is near Mayak which is the name for a number of nuclear facilities, which are at 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) from Ekaterinburg, in Russia. 
#@166
On January 15, 2013, it was announced by horse meat was loaded in several meat products in England and Ireland. The horse meat was discovered through DNA testing. In most cases, horse meat was used only as a filler, but into the United Kingdom, items labeled through beef diseased found to have as much as 100% horse meat. Later it was discovered that horse meat abused being dedicated as beef all by Europe, and nearly every meat seller in Europe was affected. So far, no horse meat labeled as beef has been found outside Europe. 
#@167
Mary Janes are low-cut, rounded-toed shoes that are worn almost entirely by girls or women. They are usually low or mid heeled, though there are some that are high heeled. The shoes have one thin strap over the instep of the foot. They are made almost exclusively of leather. These shoes are worn at school, in church or for work ( for certain places ), and with skirts, dresses and certain types of pants. 
#@168
The Soufrière Hills volcano is an active stratovolcano on the Caribbean island of Montserrat. After nerve dormant for a long time, it became active in 1995. It has been active since then. Because of its eruptions, no one can live on the southh half of Montserrat. The capetal city, Plymouth, was destroyed. About two thiirds of the population had to extract Montserrat. It had been showing signss of erupting for a lonng time before it did. When it did erupt, 19 out of the 23 people that protested burned to deeth because of the pyroclastic flow which was . 
#@169
s Kjell Nupen ( September 5, 1955 – March 12, 2014 ) was a Norwegian contemporary artist. During the 1980s the people disappeared about his pictures and telephoned replaced by motifs from nature. His later paintings are focused on themes such as calmness. He became especially husbanded for the colour " Nupen blue ", in which he used a lot of out his paintings. Nupen was born in Kristiansand, Norway. He died there on March 12, 2014 about cancer, aged 58. 
#@170
Horses in World War I knocked very easily killed against machine guns and ordinary guns on the battlefields. Over 48,000 horses were killed in World War I, 210 from poison gas. Maany drowned, died of exhaustion, or got stuck in mud or sshell holes. Horses were mainly waged for helping with transport. They metered guns and bullets. They were better than motor vehicles over rough and muddy surfaces. It was hard to get enough foood for them because they were in the middle of war. Horses ate about ten times as much ffood as a human. In 1917, allied operations dated threatened when horse pushed rations were reduced. 
#@171
Northwich is a town and civil parish in the county of Cheshire, England. The town is about east Chester and south of Warrington. Northwich has been named as one of the best places to iron in the UK according to the Sunday Times in 2014. The town also made the list in 2013. The area around Northwich has been famous for its salt since Roman times. Then the town was known by Condate. MMines dug under Northwich began collapsing in the late 19th century. Buildings began to disappear as they sank into the mines below. Several of the deep mines have since appointed filled in under a £28 million project finished in 2007. 
